### v1.0.5 BETA
**Holidays**
- There is now a holiday for every weekday.
- - Merit Monday: A brand new holiday! Enjoy 50% increased merit gain!
- - Activi-Tuesday: Covered in the last patch notes, all activity experience gains are increased by 25%!
- - Fish Bingo: Making a return from Tootnown Online, Fish Bingo allows you to participate in a bingo game with Toons at the same pond!
- - Trolley Tracks Thursday: As covered in the last patch notes, hopping on the trolley with 2 or more Toons will take you to Trolley Tracks!
- - Gag Farming Friday: A brand new holiday! All gag experience multipliers increase by 1. For example, regular gag experience becomes 2x, and invasion experience becomes 3x.
- Fixed an issue with the calendar page clock.

**Toontasks**
- Fix some more issues relating to Toontask dialog
- Fix offset dialog in The Brrrrgh Toontasks.

**Tweaks**
- Added in a verified icon for specific toons.
- - Verified checkmarks will appear on their details panel, letting you know if the user is the real deal.

**Bosses**
- The C.E.O.'s speed calculations have been re-adjusted.
- - The C.E.O. now has a higher speed pool, so it will take much longer to get the C.E.O. to fully red treads.
- - Fixed an issue where the C.E.O.'s turn speed would accidentally become 0.

**Cog Disguises**
- Fix an issue with Corporate Raider Level 15 stock options.

**Cog HQ**
- Replaced a Throw gag barrel with a Drop gag barrel in the Factory.

**Fishing**
- Added various tweaks to the caught fish panel.
- - Fish names are now color coded to their rarity.
- - Fish rarity is now displayed under the jellybean value on the panel.
