### v1.0.14.1 BETA

**Break The Law: Phase 1/Halloween**
- Trick or Treating is back! Hints for this year's locations can be found in the official Toontown: Corporate Clash Discord!
- Doe Vinci crashed her plane... Again... Webster gave her the rundown and can be found in Lawbot HQ along with the witch twins. If you help her out she's willing to reward you!
- Skelepire keys will now drop from the CJ no matter what. Keep in mind you still have to complete the task to acquire them from offices however!
- Virtual Cogs in the DA Office will no longer drop Dockets.
- Fixed incorrect dates for Break The Law: Phase One ToonTasks.
- Fixed district crashes caused by the Count Erclaim instance.
- Fixed issue with a speed chat phrase displaying the wrong location for Count Erclaim.
- Fixed issue with Dockets and Skelepire keys not updating on login properly.
- Fixed several issues involving the Shkraftbooking page.

**Secret Boss**
- Fixed an issue with the toon-up gag track healing way more than intended.
- Potential fix for the extreme lag/freezing upon completion.

**Shtickerbook/GUI**
- Grammar on the summon cog popup is fixed.
- Grammar in the Swindler invasion notification is fixed.
- Fixed an issue with skirts on the Items Page in the Shtickerbook.
- Fixed various layering and visual issues with the friends list.
- Fixed grammatical errors and repositioned the population count on the Districts page in the Shtickerbook.
- Fixed missing button hover animations and drop shadow for various buttons in the Shtickerbook.

**Misc**
- Fixed issues involving the Field of View setting caused by instances and bosses.
- Cog bosses will now round up when calculating the group's average suit tier. (This includes the Count Erclaim instance!)
- Fixed various issues with Cheesy Effects not updating properly.
- When a summon fails, it will no longer count for a toon's stats.
- Fix issue with Cogs walking through trees in the Bossbot HQ Courtyard
- Adjusted the positioning of a couple accessories.