### v1.0.6 BETA
**Events**
- The "Outback at the Barnyard" species event has begun!
- - Every cog defeated counts towards the team that you have registered for.
- - You can pick your teams on the Corporate Clash website, just log in, and it will be right on the homepage!
- - The event will run for the duration of version 1.0.0, with the winners being announced with our version 1.1.0 update!

**Fishing**
- The fishing album now shows rarity colors for species.
- Fixed an issue with fish shadows stuttering and teleporting.
- Fishing piers can now be left with the ESC key.

**Cogs**
- Skelecogs have had some modifications to their emblem designs:
- - Skelecogs now get a gear around their emblem/health meter
- - Their health meter is now positioned towards the top of their chest, and no longer floats.
- Fixed an issue with Loan Shark and Big Fish heads not rotating on tasks.

**Bosses**
- All Boss Cogs have received a new health bar!
- - The health bar appears on the player's heads-up display, and will track their progress through the battle.
- Fixed an issue where two cranes could attempt to grab the same object in the C.F.O.
- The C.F.O. has become a bit less chatty in the final round.
- Some crane mechanics have changed in the C.F.O. final round:
- - The corner cranes are now use a blue magnet model. They act the same as before.
- - The side cranes have had a massive overhaul:
- - - Side cranes now move 50% faster than corner cranes
- - - Side cranes rotational range is lower, but to compensate, their extension range is much further.
- - - Side cranes will automatically stun any goons they pick up.
- - - Loony Labs scientists have figured that due to their polarity, they repel safes away from them, sliding them across the vault!

**Gags**
- All gag prestige bonuses that would have resulted in decimal numbers now round up instead of down.

**Doodles**
- Adjusted doodle trick accuracy to be more accurate.
- Added in a new doodle trick: Peekaboo!
- - Peekaboo heals 12 laff base, maxes at 24 laff.

**Trolley**
- Fix a crash with some minigames
- Fix a typo on the Trolley Tracks holiday notification

**Tweaks**
- Added a "Go to Minigames" Button on the Map page. This button unlocks when you visit Acorn Acres.
- Cogs will no longer join a battle at more than a 1:1 ratio in Acorn Acres if a toon with less than 45 maximum laff is present.

**Bugfixes**
- Fix the infamous spinning bug.

**Buildings**
- Cog Buildings in Ye Olde Toontowne now use the proper sky model for middle floors.
