### v1.0.13 BETA

**Features**
- Taskline has been completely reworked!
- - The toon-torial has been expanded slightly to give a proper introduction to Toontown: Corporate Clash!
- - ToonTasks requiring you to visit multiple shopkeepers in succession has been massively reduced. (Looking at you Toontown Central!)
- - The pace of the taskline has been modified in Mezzo Melodyland. The CFO ToonTask is now at the end of the playground.
- - All ToonTasks that forced cog facilities for cog disguise completion have been removed. The ToonTask now just requires a fully built suit to progress.
- - The Acorn Acres intermission in between Barnacle Boatyard and Ye Olde Toontowne has been removed. Toons will now go straight to Ye Olde Toontowne to train with the elders.
- - Color in Ye Olde Toontowne is now enabled by default. Now when toons complete the sidetask for Timmy Riddle in the dungeon, they will unlock to ability to see the playground in black and white.
- - Acorn Acres and Drowsy Dreamland ToonTasks have been modified to prevent "locking" players in these areas. Toons should now be able to naturally progress through these areas as intended.
- - The pace of toon experience gain has also been adjusted in the revamped taskline, toons will be adjusted accordingly.
- - ToonTasks involving staff members and community figures have been removed.
- - Cog distribution in streets have been adjusted to fit the new taskline.
- - Sidetasks can now be deleted. Toons will be able to reacquire the ToonTask, but will have their progress for that ToonTask reset!
- - In general, ToonTasks across the board have been nerfed or modified to prevent tedium.

- Introducing the Sidetask Searcher!
- - A new tab has appeared in the ToonTasks page!
- - The "Sidetask Searcher" will show a toon all available sidetasks to them.
- - The sidetasks are organized by playground, or you can view ALL sidetasks.
- - The name of the sidetasks are color-coded based on the completion status of the sidetask.
- - - Task names in black are side tasks available for pickup.
- - - Task names in orange are side tasks that are currently in progress by the toon.
- - - Task names in dark red are side tasks that are completed. Upon clicking on the task, you will notice the official Toon Council stamp

- Olly Outback returns for the arrival of Outback toons!
- - Talk to Olly Outback in the Toontown Central playground and help welcome the new toons in town!
- - Participating in various activities around town will reward toons with "Didgeridollars" that are used to unlock cool Outback exclusive accessories!

**Playgrounds**
- Multiple backgrounds and nameplates have been added to the game. Some of the nameplates are secretly unlocked! Happy Hunting!
- A few playgrounds have been slightly tweaked to feel more alive.
- Bob the Builder has finally got to work in Ye Olde Toontowne! The Windmill and Watermill now spin.
- The boat in Barnacle Boatyard now has a captain!

**Cog Headquarters**
- The CEO serving round has been shortened. Cogs now only need to be served twice to explode, and the round will only last 200 seconds as opposed to 300.
- Toons that are level 20 in a department and promote to a maximum merit promotion will now have merits carry over as intended.
- When hovering over missing disguise parts in the disguise page in the Shtickerbook, information will be displayed including where to acquire the part.

**Misc**
- The Gag Shop clerks have been working hard on ensuring the best quality of zap gags they can produce! Potential issues involving zap jumping the wrong way have been fixed.
- Starting gag tracks can now be refunded.
- Fixed issues with district page not displaying invasion information correctly.
- Dialogue boxes have been adjusted to prevent them to going off screen.
- Removed the "Howdy!" easter egg for Big White Toon cheesy effect in The Brrrgh. This cheesy effect is now instead unlocked via a sidetask.
- Accessories across all species have been adjusted to fit better! 
- Credits have been updated to reflect the current staff team.
- Added various words to the whitelist.
