### v1.0.14 BETA

**Operation: Break The Law Phase 1**
- The Resistance Outpost's construction is complete! Stop by the end of Polar Place right outside Lawbot HQ to check it out!
- Toons can earn Dockets by defeating Lawbots!
- - By defeating Lawbots in the Chief Justice battle and the DA Offices, toons receive a 50% Docket bonus. 
- - Dockets can be used to buy Exclusive Break the Law outfits and accessories from Webster in the outpost!
- Lawbot HQ has had a 'makeover' by the resistance.
- - The resistance has setup a Gag Kiosk so toons can restock even quicker (at an increased price) to get straight back in the fight!
- Count Erclaim has made a return... But in Lawbot HQ?
- Materials are back!
- - Earn materials from fighting Count Erclaim in Lawbot HQ!
- - Materials can also be fished for toons that are not strong enough to fight Count Erclaim.
- Elphabat returns this year in Lawbot HQ! She brought her sister Hexa Decimal along as well!
- - Speak to Elphabat to buy exclusive Halloween clothing and accessories!
- DA Office D's have been secured by the Toon Resistance! The Cog levels have been significantly reduced in DA office D's.

**Count Erclaim Encounter**
- Difficulty tier is based on the average Lawbot suit level of the group.
- Added a higher difficulty tier.

**Limited Time Quests**
- Talk to Resistance Ranger Rocky in the Resistance Outpost to receive a ToonTask for Elphabat's sister, Hexa Decimal.
- - Hexa Decimal will teach you how to 'Shkraft' materials with Dockets!
- After learning how to Shkraft, talk to Ranger Rocky for another task.
- - Rocky will teach you about Skelepire keys and how to find them.

**Skelepire Keys**
- Skelepire keys can be earned by completing DA Offices and Chief Justice Battles.
- These keys can be used to get a significant material bonus from Erclaim!

**Misc**
- The level 20 department reward (merit carryover) has been nerfed to 50% instead of the full promotion.
- Fixed the infamous 'Defeat a Five++ Story Cog Building' Task poster issue.
