### v1.0.15 BETA

**Operation: Break the Law Phase Two**
- The Resistance has set up a new outpost inside of Lawbot Headquarters! Check it out inside of the Chief Justice's statue!
- Lawbot HQ has been further 'redesigned' in preparation for phase two.
- Reid Stock has relocated her shop to the new outpost, partnered by Vinny to help manage gag and laff barrels inside the HQ.
- - Talk to Vinny To upgrade the barrels with Dockets for toons everywhere!
- - Gag barrels can have their gag level and gag restock amount upgraded.
- - Laff barrels can have their heal amount upgraded.

**Docket Shop**
- Added new accessories to the Docket shop, stop by to check them out!
- Toons can now buy suit parts and Subpoenas from the Docket shop, save a couple trips to the DA Office and buy some!

**Daily Tasks**
- Toons will now receive daily tasks from The Resistance, check out the new tab on the tasks page in the Shticker Book!
- - Daily tasks are scaled to your toon level and progress, providing balanced objectives for any toon!
- - Rewards given for these tasks are also based on your toon's progress, no useless rewards!
- - - For example, if all of your toon's gags are maxed, you will not receive gag experience boosts.
- - Get a week streak in daily tasks for an extra reward!
- - Weekly rewards can range from exclusive accessories and clothing, to extended rewards!

**Limited Time Quests**
- Rocky would like to introduce The Resistance's Daily Tasks System to toons directly, be sure to stop by and check it out!
- Rocky's fellow Resistance Ranger, Scout, has an idea to gather more intel on the Lawbots; meet up with Rocky for mission briefing.

**Misc**
- Toons will now receive a bean gain animation when completing cog battles and buildings.
- Dockets now have a special gain animation when you earn them!
- Added some words to the whitelist.
- Fixed an issue where custom controls would get softlocked upon interacting with the friend’s list search bar.
- Fixed various accessory placements on multiple species.