### v1.0.9 BETA

**Toon Profile Panel**
- The T.P.P. has been completely overhauled!
- - Toons can now earn and display backgrounds and nameplates on their T.P.P.
- - Toontask and Cog disguise statuses are now displayed in the T.P.P.
- - Added more in depth information regarding a Toon when they're online.
    
**Items Page**
- The Items page has been completely overhauled as well!
- - Players can now switch between their backgrounds, nameplates, speedchat colors and clothing on the items page from anywhere in Toontown.

**Features**
- Added a search bar to the friends list.
- Players can now choose the texture quality, especially useful for lower end computers.
- Added Silly Saturday.
- - Every Saturday, the events throughout the week will cycle on a bi-hourly basis!
- Added Surplus Sunday.
- - Every Sunday, Cog Boss rewards will be increased by 1, with the exception of the C.E.O., which receives a +2 fire bonus.
- Added three new sidequests
- Added "Skip Tutorial" button.
- - You must have a Toon on the account before you can skip the Tutorial.
- Increased the Speedchat+ box size allowing longer messages.
- Added Sprint/walk keys.
- - Press "Shift" to sprint, and "F6" to walk!
- - - These keys can be rebinded in the controls menu.
- Added a new emote to the cattlelog, Taunt!
    
**Tweaks**
- Disable the "Nearby Pets" tab on the friends list when not in the estate.
- The Shtickerbook has been consolidated a bit.
- - Moved the code redemption page to the items page
- - Moved the Gag training page to the Gags page
- Edited the Tutorial to reflect the Shtickerbook changes.
- Disabled the Shkraftbooking page
- - This page will be reimplemented once all of the Shkraftbooking systems are ready, or whenever we have an event that uses materials.    
- Changed FPS meter styling to a look a little more toony.
- Lowered friend limit to 100 toons
- - Toons with over 100 friends will not lose their friends.
- Acorn Avenue has been enveloped into the waterfall.
- - The design of the street now reflects the cavernous interior of Acorn Falls.
- Minigolf completion and miss sounds now include some of the new species sounds.
    
**Quality of Life**
- Rearranged some settings
- Removed camera collisions on C.F.O. objects.
- - This is especially useful for Toons that are stunning Goons. Their camera will no longer adjust against them!
- Boss cog jumps now play at a consistent volume.
- Changed the time limit of the diving game to 75 instead of 60 seconds.
    
**Optimization**
- Implemented a potential fix for memory leaks

**Experimental**
- Fixed and reimplemented the experimental multithreaded graphics option.
- - This may net an increase in FPS for some computers, though it will result in a few graphical glitches.

**Bugfixes**
- Fixed levels in certain V.P./C.F.O. difficulty tiers
- Players can no longer chose a resolution higher than their monitors resolution.
- Fixed the scaling of the Sellbot HQ tunnel's sign leading to Daffodil Gardens.
- Various Toontask fixes.
- Fixed a bug where Toons could pick up treasures when they have completed a treasure quest.
- Fixed a crash when opening the items page after receiving a nametag.
- Fixed a bug where Toons couldn't open/close the book after the Tutorial.
- Fixed an issue where Toontask Speedchat phrases didn't display correctly.
- Fixed an issue where Toons couldn't delete friends.
- - I guess this update isn't so friendly after all, eh?
- Boss Cogs and Doodles now respect frame blending.
- Fixed double Lure EXP bug.
- Fixed some collision issues with the Ye Olde Toontowne gag shop.
- Fixed some collision issues with the Ye Olde Toontowne dungeon door.
- Fixed a white haloing effect around Toon eyes.
- Fixed the street names on some of the advertisement billboards.
- Fixed a district reset.
- Fixed an issue where CGC and DA Office models would not unload