### v1.0.11 BETA

**Features**
- Gag presets
- - The Gag Shop has spruced up their systems, and can now remember your gag presets!
- - Toons can now save one Gag Preset at The Gag Shop.
- - Gag Presets costs the same as buying each gag individually.
- Refund Points
- - Toons can now return a Gag Track to the Gag Shop in exchange for a Refund Point!
- - Returning a Gag Track will remove the Gag Track and any experience gained in that Gag Track.
- - Toons in Drowsy Dreamland can complete a brand new sidequest to earn their first Refund Point!
- - Refund Points can only be used once a track has no prestiges.
- Gag Training Page
- - The Gag Training page has received a fresh coat of paint!
- - The page has been updated to become more user friendly.
- - Added support for Refund Points
- District Page
- - Toons will no longer teleport to a district when clicking on a district
- - Invasion cog and estimated duration can now be seen from the district page
- - General page cleanup

**Tweaks**
- The credits have been updated to reflect the current staff on the team
- Changed how minutes are displayed when a Toon is offline on the TAP.
- Updated the sort order of various GUI elements.
- Lowered the wind sound effect heard in certain playgrounds.
- The Tesla gag has been buffed to 66 damage!
- Zap now has 100% accuracy on soaked cogs.
- Reworked purchasing logic.
- - Purchases that use the Bank will now take from the Bank first.
- - - This was a community feedback suggestion by @Dalton and @Klungo on our Discord!

**Bugfixes**
- The Toons over at The Gag Shop have been working on Zap Gags!
- - Fixed issues with Zap on lured cogs.
- - Fixed Phantom soaks/Phantom Zaps
- - Dead cogs can no longer be hit by zap jumps or soaks
- - Multiple other Zap fixes
- - - If you experience any unexpected issues with Zap, please report them to us!

- Camera Changes
- - Fixed an issue with the camera getting stuck in the floor including:
- - - After skipping a Toon Victory Dance (Street Battles)
- - - Finishing the CGC Mole game
- - - Finishing the CGC Golf Game
- - - During the CEO fight.
- Fixed the "table glitch" in the CEO fight.
- - We're still monitoring this issue, let us know if you run into any other problems!
- Toons that are saved during a battle with a unite no longer lose gag experience.
- - The "Defeated Movie" will still play, however experience isn't lost!
- Fixed a bug where the other clothing item (shirt/shorts/skirt) would reset after changing the other item.
- Fixed a bug where the players Toon location would show instead of the friends location on the TAP.
