### Beta v1.0.17

**Break the Law**
- Removed Redd ‘Heir’ Wing’s instance from Lawbot Headquarters.
- Removed Elphabat from Lawbot Headquarters.
- [REDACTED]

**Witness Stand-In**
- Due to community feedback, the cannon round in the Witness Stand-In has been increased to 28 seconds.
- Decorated the back room of the Witness Stand-In’s courtroom.
- The Witness Stand-In’s dialogue has been tweaked once again.

**Docket Shop**
- Added more clothes and accessories to the Docket Shop.
- Removed Jester outfit from the Docket Shop.

**Tweaks**
- Toons can no longer pick up snowballs from the Brrrgh.
- Removed memo shreds from old ARG.
- Disabled Shkraftbooking.
- Zap gags show 3x damage on the attack panel if targeting a soaked cog.
- The Flippy SOS has been corrected visually.
- - Flippy now has a ladder.
- - Flippy will not bow to the cogs.
- AA and YOTT treasures are now present in the CFO fight.
- Toons Hit and Cogs Miss SOS cards’ animation time has been sped up.
- Anti-aliasing now applies to GUI elements.
- Cog panels in battle now show more level info (.exe/.mgr, v2.0).
- The toon selected on the Pick-A-Toon screen follows the mouse better and shouldn’t stare without blinking anymore.
- Replaced some textures with textures from the HD Toontown Online asset leak.
- Tweaked Cog Suit textures.

**Bug Fixes**
- Potential fix for consistent crashing in DA Offices and Cog Golf Course facilities.
- Potential fix for NPC Toons appearing in Cog Buildings.
- Fixed an issue with the Friends List where you couldn’t click on the names of newly added friends without relogging.
- Fixed multiple issues with the Friends List that caused name duplication and crashes.
- The Toon Detail Panel now correctly shows backgrounds, nameplates, and Cog Disguise levels of toons who are offline or not in your current zone as opposed to always displaying the - default option.
- Fixed an issue where some quest types on the Toon Detail Panel would use your toon’s quest progress as opposed to the toon you are viewing.
- Fixed prestige trap gags not showing bonus damage on the far right cog in a group and on singular cogs.
- Calling a friend for help in battle will no longer send the message to yourself, and will instead correctly send it to the requested friend.
- Multiple fixes for Treasure Dive. Not being able to pick up the chest should be much rarer, if not entirely eliminated!
- Cog buildings and building locations are now accurately tracked on street maps.
- Opening the street map multiple times should no longer cause performance issues.
- Fixed an issue where Toons would briefly appear under their cog disguises when entering elevators.
- Phantom fore and phantom jump from boss cogs should now be completely gone!
- Fixed many misplaced glasses on several species.
- Fixed an issue where the red filter for being crushed from April Toons would still trigger.
- Fixed an issue where Throw models were still reversed in Vinny’s Throwable Pies shop.
- Battle sounds now correctly set their volume according to the volume of your sound effects in settings.
- Fixed an issue where executive skelecog ties would not show in bosses.
- Added some colors to female toon’s shorts that were previously only available for male toon’s shorts.
- Correctly rotated big fish and loan shark heads on the summons dialogue popup.
- The button press animation now correctly plays on the Fire button.
- Fixed an issue where Micromanager skelecogs wouldn’t have the correct animation speed.
- Fixed a crash with the Press to Interact option and teleporting.
- Fixed an issue where the Orbital Camera could not be initiated while sprinting in some scenarios.
- The “Recenter on Movement” camera setting now works as intended.
- Adjusted estate telephone collisions to potentially fix the non-interactable telephone issue.
- Mata Hairy no longer phases through doors in the CFO fight!
- Fixed some color inconsistency issues with unequipping the Green Toon Cheesy Effect.
- Fixed an issue where the Re-Org animation wouldn’t play correctly on the Factory Foreman.
- Potentially Fixed an issue where tasks could disappear from the UI after some time.
- Fixed a rare issue where the Pick A Toon buttons on the Main Menu could become 10x~ their intended scale.
- Potentially fixed some cleanup issues with Laff Meters on the toon battle panel.
- Fixed various issues with Toon eyes being glued shut.
- Fixed some issues regarding Cattlelog achievements.
- Fixed some clothes inconsistencies on various NPC Toons.
- Fixed some inconsistencies and grammar issues with text around the game.
