### Beta v1.1.5

**Toonsmas**
- Toontown has gotten a holiday makeover, snow is falling all through town!
  - Barnacle Boatyard has been frozen over, but the fishing pond is still available for those who want to take a dive below the frozen boatyard! 
  - The various NPCs around Toontown also now wear random winter hats!
  - The main Pick-a-Toon menu has received a holiday makeover!
  - Frozen Fish can now be found in any pond due to the colder temperatures throughout Toontown!
- Cog Goons now have antlers!
  - In addition, their caps are red, green, or yellow, and their lights are red or green!
- Carol for a snowman head cheesy effect! Check out the hints [here](https://corporateclash.net/news/article/60).
  - For the duration of the holiday, caroling Toon buildings cannot be taken over by the Cogs.

**Toonseltown**
- Toonseltown is now reopened for the Toonsmas season, and will stay open through Janurary 3, 2020!
  - Toons can teleport to Toonseltown through the ‘Toonseltown’ button on the Map page of the Shticker Book!
- Help Toonseltown’s citizens with daily ToonTasks for various rewards!
- Candie LaBrum, The Spirit of Toonsmas Past, has made an appearance in Toonseltown, and she needs some help!
  - Perhaps other spirits will make a timely appearance throughout the holiday?
- Toonseltown’s ‘Present Thief’ minigame will run every 20 minutes on the clock, earn enough points to earn a large assortment of customization prizes!
  - Toons will earn two prizes every time they win a reward from Present Thief!

**Bugfixes**
- Fixed a longstanding issue where a Doodle’s appearance would frequently be shuffled upon purchase.
  - **Note:** This does not adjust doodles that previously affected by this issue, Toons will have to purchase a new Doodle if they want one with the proper appearance.
- Fixed an issue causing random crashes on various clients.
- Removed the ‘multi-theaded-rendering’ option from the preferences.json file as it caused many various bugs and crashes on clients.
- Fixed various texture cut-off and bleeding issues.
