### Beta v1.1.0.2

**Cog Bosses**
- C.L.O.
- - Executive Cogs in the cannon round now give their bonus evidence to all Toons when destroyed! Their spawn rate has been slightly reduced to compensate.
- - Toons can no longer collide midair with each other in the cannon round.
- - Cannon position in the cannon round is no longer based on the age of the Toon.
- - Mid-air movement in the cannon round is no longer based on framerate.
- - Flying Cogs in the final round now have a more consistent movement speed. No more flying at lightning speed!
- - A visual indicator has been added that indicates when a flying Cog targets you in the final round. This can be toggled via the “Boss Visual Indicators” option on the Gameplay section of the Options Page.
- - A new “Cog Destruction” stat now appears under the boss health bar! Gain one point for each Cog destroyed and five points for destroying a Cog while it is disabling a trap.
- - Corner traps are back to Quicksand.
- - If a Toon destroys a Skelecog that is currently breaking a trap, the Toon earns significantly more department experience than they would usually earn for destroying Cogs.
- - Skelecogs will attempt to target traps near the C.L.O. before breaking other traps around the room.
- - Trap break time has been reduced from 12 seconds to 8 seconds.
- - Minimum stun time for the C.L.O. has been reduced from 12 seconds to 10 seconds.
- - When stunned, the C.L.O. will only target traps that are repaired.
- - Damage dealt is now split amongst all Toons depending on how much sound knockback they dealt to the C.L.O.
- - The Evidence Collection Box has been re-centered and made slightly bigger.
- - The C.L.O.’s tornado attack now moves slightly faster across the room.
- - The C.L.O. waits longer after doing her spin attack before doing another attack.
- - When the C.L.O. does a spin attack, less paper particles are present.
- - Slightly more cogs now spawn in the cannon round for bigger groups of Toons.
- - Evidence requirements for level of sound gag in the cannon round are now +10 evidence across the board.

- C.E.O.
- - The C.E.O. battle now has only 3 tiers. The requirements for each tier are Flunky, Micromanager, and Corporate Raider average suit for the group.
- - - Tier 1 has level 17 Cogs in the first Cog round, level 10 v2.0 tier 6 Cogs in the second Cog round, 600 HP, and awards 5 Pink Slips.
- - - Tier 2 has level 18 Cogs in the first Cog round, level 12 v2.0 tier 7 Cogs in the second Cog round, 800 HP, and awards 7 Pink Slips.
- - - Tier 3 has level 19 Cogs in the first Cog Round, level 14 v2.0 tier 8 Cogs in the second Cog round, 1,000 HP and awards 9 Pink Slips.
- - - These tier changes were made to keep the C.E.O. consistent with all other boss battles in the game.

- All Bosses
- - Whenever a Cog Boss jumps, a visual indicator appears above your Toon’s head. This can be toggled via the “Boss Visual Indicators” option on the Gameplay section of the Options Page.

**Tweaks**
- Switched around the positions of the Fire, Sue, Pass, and SOS buttons in battle.
- Dialogue with custom keybind text will now show as uppercase.
- Slightly decreased Fish Bingo jellybean gain.
- Numerous textures in Daffodil Gardens have been improved.

**Bugfixes**
- Fixed a couple collision issues with the Treasure Dive trolley minigame.
- Fixed a few various text typos.
- Fixed a battle issue that would allow lured Cogs to be lured while they were already lured.
- Fixed a battle issue that would allow Toons to use a single Trap gag multiple times.
- Fixed an issue where the puzzle text would linger when fighting virtual Skelecogs in Lawfices.
- Fixed an inconsistency with Good ol’ Gil Giggles “using Pink Slips” dialogue.
- Fixed an inconsistency with Bumpy’s “using C&D’s” dialogue.
- Seltzers from other Toons in the C.E.O. are now visible again.
- Fixed phantom fore/phantom gear issues in the C.E.O. battle.
- Fixed an issue that caused the C.E.O. to not give invincibility frames upon being hit.
- Fixed an issue where you could roll a ‘ghost’ .EXE objective in Cog-specific Daily Tasks.
- Fixed Daily Tasks giving Toons 2 separate new tasks at midnight and 1 AM.
- Fixed shadow issues with various rooms in the game.
- Fixed an oversight where Toons with full SOS cards would not receive the pose from defeating the Derrick Man.
- Fixed a rare crash in bosses that would occur if someone exited the game at the right time.
- Fixed an oversight that could allow multiple Toons to call Bingo at the same time, and subsequently would give more jellybeans than intended.
