### Beta v1.1.0.10

**Tweaks**
- Boss Cog Department Experience is now given in real-time to all bosses!
  - This means that you’ll no longer have to wait until the end of the round or fight to receive experience, it’s all given on the spot!
  - Additionally, Sellbot Department Experience has received a slight buff.
- Increased the average chance of Cog Invasions in non-safe districts.
  - Random Invasions can now last in varying lengths of time, (20 - 60) minutes.
- Various SOS cards have been tweaked due to community suggestions:
  - Zap SOS:
    - 3 Star Zap: Changed from 50 to 45 damage.
    - 4 Star Zap: Changed from 60 to 70 damage.
  - Toon-Up SOS:
    - 3 Star Toon-Up: Changed from healing 50 to 78 Laff.
    - 4 Star Toon-Up: Changed from healing 90 to 95 Laff.
- Added a hotkey to progress NPC dialogue without clicking. By default it is F5, and it can be configured in the Shticker Book.
- All Gag Experience Multipliers in Cog Bosses are now 1x, however experience holidays such as Gag Farming Friday or Daily Task Gag Experience Boost still count towards increasing the multiplier.
- Toons now have sad eyes while they are sad in the Playground.

**Bugfixes**
- Potential fix for Content Pack music. 
- Fixed a rare crash when Zap missed.
- When unluring a soaked cog via a zap jump, they will now immediately perform the unlure animation.
- Fixed a visual issue where Cogs killed by lower Sound Gags while an Opera was used would result in the wrong death animation to play. 
- Fixed a visual glitch in the Jellybean Rewards for Fishing and Trolley to accurately show what you earned with a Jellybean Boost.
- Fixed a rare crash when teleporting to friends.
- Minor text fixes.
