### Beta v1.1.0

**Under New Management**
- The Chairman has found a replacement for the CJ. The CLO is already busy at work, re-educating the Lawbots about corporate law. Once you have your Lawbot Cog Disguise, you can challenge her in an all-new boss fight!
- In order to fight the new Lawbot Cog Boss, you’ll need to gather Patents from defeating Lawbot Cogs in battle!
- Befitting the change in management, Lawbot HQ has been torn down, and a new HQ has been built in its place!
- - All of the areas and music have been completely revamped for Lawbot HQ, as well as expanded!
- The Lawbots themselves have also gotten quite the upgrade!
- - The Lawbots have been redesigned with state of the art personality processors!
- - - These processors were previously only seen in managers and boss cogs, but a deal was struck with another company to manufacture them cheaper.
- - - Lawbot Cogs now have facial expressions and react accordingly to battle, as well as having mouth movements with new audio sync technology!
- - There are now six new types of Lawbots, with each being either a Field Specialist (Attack) or Operations Analyst (Defense).
- - - This brings the total number of main-line Lawbot cogs to 14.
- - - Attack Cogs deal higher damage but have lower health and dodge chance, while Defense Cogs deal less damage with a higher health and dodge chance.
- - - These specialized cogs have a chance to be sent out in place of regular Lawbots, so watch out!
- - Defeating the CLO now rewards toons with Cease and Desists (C&Ds) as opposed to summons!
- - When using a Cease and Desist, it will take half the cog’s level in cost to sue them.
- - - For example, suing a level 10 cog would cost 5 C&Ds.
- - When a cog is sued, they will be unable to attack until they are destroyed!
- - If you do not damage a sued cog for five rounds, then your C&D will become invalid and the Cog will begin to attack again.
- - Summons that were earned previously will be kept, however, no new summons can be earned.
- - Minibosses that could not be fired previously also cannot be sued via C&Ds.
- During the restructuring of the Lawbot department, DA Offices were rebranded to Lawfices!
- - As the CLO deemed it unnecessary, the D office was not included in the construction plans for the new Lawbot Headquarters to save on resources.
- - Lawfices have gotten some visual upgrades.
- - Lawfices have 2 new laser puzzle games: Trapper and Connect Three.
- - The Clerk has been fired and the Head Attorney has taken up his position!
- - - The Head Attorney cannot be fired or sued, as he is classified as a miniboss.

**Client and Performance**
- The game client and server have been completely rewritten in Python 3!
- - This is a *huge* upgrade from Python 2, and allows for more performance, optimization, and future expandability.
- We are now building the game with Pypperoni, which also brings many performance and security improvements over our previous system.
- Disabled the Preloader due to various instability issues and various other loading problems.
- - Due to the new performance improvements that are offered with Python 3 and Pypperoni, the game no longer has a need for the Preloader!
- Upgraded Panda3D version to 1.11.0.
- The game is now correctly being built with FMOD audio. Previously, only Mac devices were built with FMOD, while Windows devices were built with OpenAL.
- The Multi-threaded Rendering option can be enabled once more, however it must be done by editing the preferences.json file in the Corporate Clash directory.
- - This is a highly experimental option that may be prone to crashes and issues out of our control, so use at your own risk.
- Refactored all game texture files to use PNG images as opposed to JPEG/RGB images.
- - This was done for ease of use during development and also the potential performance benefits.
- - Unfortunately, this means that any current content packs made using the JPEG/RGB image files will no longer be supported.

**Battle**
- The battle system has been rewritten from the ground up!
- This allows the battle system to be much more modular, and will enable us to create much more interesting cog battles in the future.
- The “cheating” minibosses with special abilities you have seen up to this point were just the tip of the iceberg, and were mainly used as a comparison point if the community enjoyed these sorts of fights or not.
- To show off some of the features of the new battle system and to make these cogs stand out more, special abilities have been added to both the storyline and facility minibosses!
- As this is such a large refactor, there may be some bugs here and there so please make sure to report any you see to us!

**Cog Gallery**
- The Cog Gallery page has been completely revamped!
- The Cog Gallery is now infinitely expandable for future content, and displays much more information that may be useful to you in your Cog-busting ventures!
- You are now able to see various information on cogs you have defeated, such as their level range, damage range, taunts, etc.

**Restoration Station**
- Paletti Swatch has set up shop at the Restoration Station in the Toontown Central playground!
- The Restoration Station allows you to redraw or rename your Toon for 10,000 beans once a month. Your first use of each is free however.
- Redrawing your Toon allows you to change your Toon’s head shape, body shape, species, and colors.
- Renaming your Toon allows you to, well, rename your toon!
- - *NOTE: The Rename feature is temporarily unavailable. We ran into an issue regarding the renaming system, however we decided it would be in everyone’s best interest to put out the update with the feature temporarily unavailable. We will be working on getting this feature working shortly. Sorry about the inconvenience!*

**Contextual Toon Tip System**
- A new Toon Tip system has been implemented to help new players and make information about the game more accessible to everyone!
- At any time during gameplay, contextual Toon Tips can show up on the left side of your screen that will display helpful information about whatever you may be doing at the time!
- You can view a history of Toon Tips you’ve discovered during gameplay at any time via a new GUI on the Side tasks page.
- If you do not want to see contextual Toon Tips, there is also an option to disable the display of them on the Gameplay section of the Options page.
- - However, Toon Tips will always show up in your Toon Tip History, regardless of if Toon Tips are enabled or not.

**Boss Cutscene Skip Button**
- Every boss now has a skip cutscene button!
- - In the middle of any boss cutscene, if the whole group votes to skip it, then the cutscene will end and your group will get right into the action!
- - If any player in the group has not completed the boss previously, then the skip button will be unavailable.
- - All storyline minibosses have also been given this button!

**Profile Poses**
- Strike a pose! You can now set a Pose for your Toon’s profile page! We’ve given every Toon a few to start out with, but there will be many more to find and unlock in the future.

**Gag Balance Changes**
- Prestige and Un-prestige Zap gags now function mechanically the same, minus the damage falloff.
- - Damage falloff per jump is now 3x, 2.25x, and 1.5x for Un-prestige Zap gags.
- “Glitch Zap” with lured cogs has been fixed.
- Lure gags no longer have a “wake-up” chance.
- - Wake-up chance was a mechanic found in TTO that would cause cogs to unlure earlier than they should’ve if the lure had a low chance to hit.
- Kazoo is now the level 1 Sound gag, and Bike Horn is now the level 2 Sound gag. Bike Horns are louder than Kazoos, afterall.
- Tweaks for various Drop and Trap gag damage values to better fit their intended curve.
- - Marbles 60 -> 65
- - Quicksand 85 -> 90
- - Anvil 50 -> 55
- - Big Weight 70 -> 80
- - Safe 120 -> 125
- - The minimum damage values for some of these gags have also been tweaked to reflect these changes.
- The damage bonus of Prestige Throw has been increased from 10% to 15% in order to make this prestige more viable, and to differentiate it from Prestige Lure.

**Confetti Cannon**
- As it was deemed not toony enough to be the level 7 Toon-Up gag, the Treasure Chest has been replaced with the Confetti Cannon!
- - The Confetti Cannon shares all the same stats as the Treasure Chest gag, but with an all-new look and animations!

**Roadster Raceway**
- Leaderboards are back! Click on the arrows to rotate through the tracks’ all-time best records!
- Kart parking stations have been transformed! They now act as trophy statues that are dedicated to the all-time record holder for each course. Twelve stations, twelve courses, twelve record holders! Compete to be memorialized as the best racer around!

**Daily Tasks**
- Added Executive Cog Daily Tasks.
- Added Cog Building Daily Tasks.
- Refund Points are now in the weekly reward pool once your toon reaches Level 40.
- - There is one Refund Point available in the base weekly reward pool along with the accessories and clothing. After exhausting this pool, Refund Points may be earned at a very low rate in place of other consumables.
- In addition, a hefty amount of new weekly clothing rewards have been added.
- Added a Daily Tasks Completed stat to the Statistics Page.

**Sellbot Factory**
- To accommodate for lower toons, the Sellbot Factory Front Entrance has been slightly nerfed.
- - To go along with this, the Side Entrance has been buffed, allowing for a more difficult factory that awards more Merits on completion.

**Tweaks**
- Prestige gags now show up as a darker blue color in your gag inventory!
- Toons can now sprint anywhere, including boss battles and facilities! (excluding the banquet round of the CEO battle.)
- Lots of small UI tweaks and adjustments.
- - The Boss Health Bar in particular has gotten some substantial visual tweaks!
- - The Boarding Group GUI has also gotten a makeover!
- Painting winners from the summer 2019 estate painting contest have gotten their paintings added to the game.
- You can now delete gags in the Gags page of your Shticker Book or when holding your Gag Menu Key!
- The Pick a Gag UI in the Make a Toon has been revamped to be more informative and easier to use!
- Toons now get invincibility frames upon getting hit from boss attacks (no more double gears!)
- Cogs that are lured with a prestige lure gag will now show stars above their head to indicate that they have a higher knockback value.
- Professor Pete now restocks gags based on your Gag Preset, if available.
- Barnacle Bessie now uses the Toontanic for her SOS card.
- Clerk Clara now uses the Railroad for her SOS card.
- Buffed the Moe Zart SOS card from 80 to 85 damage.
- Buffed the Clumsy Ned SOS card from 120 damage to 125 damage due to the changes to the damage value of the Safe gag.
- Toon eyes and ears are now colorable.
- Removed boss cog defeats from the stats page.
- - This information has been transferred over to the new Cog Gallery page.
- Slightly lowered Autocaddie damage/accuracy values.
- Moved the Discord Rich Presence option from the Gameplay tab to the Privacy tab of the Options Page.
- Temporarily removed the Enable Club Chat option from the Privacy tab of the Options Page.
- Added an ‘Automatically Wear New Clothing’ option to the Gameplay tab of the Options Page.
- - If enabled, clothing and accessories picked up from your estate mailbox will be automatically equipped. If disabled, your current outfit will be left untouched.
- Added a Vertical Sync toggle to the Video tab of the Options Page.
- Action keys have been tweaked.
- - The “Action” key has been renamed to the “Primary Action” key.
- - The “Zero Power Pie” key has been renamed to the “Secondary Action” key.
- - A new key has been added, the “Special Action” key.
- - - Currently, this key is only used in the new Lawbot CLO boss battle, but gives room for more potential mechanics in other areas in the future.
- - You may need to rebind these keys due to these changes!
- Added a new visual indicator for when experience is earned for your toon level bar, activity level bar, and department level bars.
- - The level bar will briefly show the amount of experience you gained.
- Updated the flagpole model in The Brrrgh playground and gave it some new animations.
- The Trolley Ring Game now has 4 distinct shapes for each player to aim for: Circle, Square, Hexagon, or Star.
- With the new ability to redraw, Flippy has taken the time to redraw his toon and now has black ears!
- Acorn Acres Minigames and Roadster Raceway now have their own treasures.
- - These treasures have also been added to the CFO fight.
- The CFO now has a max treasure spawn limit depending on the tier. It can be either 35, 30, or 25.
- The bean gain animation on the trolley will no longer show if the minigame was vote skipped.
- If your Bossbot Department Level is maxed, bonus pink slips awarded are now +2 as opposed to +1.
- If a Wrecking Ball gag destroys a cog, a new quick death animation plays.
- Significantly buffed Fish Bingo jellybean gain.
- Added a new texture to the Color Picker saturation slider in the Make A Toon.
- Refactored the Loading Screen layout.
- Optimized loading time for the Toon Avatar Panel.
- Switched over to the libotp nametag system.
- - This was the nametag system found in Toontown Online, and adds back some missing features such as being able to click on someone’s toon body to open their friend panel.
- Knock Knock doors now heal toons for a small amount when used.
- Added a shortcut to the Tulip Terrace street.
- Many streets in the game that didn’t have ponds or fishermen previously were given them.
- Content packs now support .cur file types.
- Refactored the Toon Accessories system.
- - In the future, this will allow for easier creation of animated/special accessories.
- Toons will now receive notifications when a cog takes over a building they recovered.
- Rewrote some parts of The Brrrgh taskline to support the new changes to the Lawbot department.
- The battle timer has been increased to 35 seconds.
- Made the boulder gag slightly smaller to prevent clipping issues.
- A chat hotkey is now only required if keybinds are set to a letter key.
- The District population cap has been raised to 300.
- Various texture tweaks and improvements throughout the game, including many more ‘Spotify’ assets being implemented.
- Many fonts throughout the game have been made higher quality!
- The Sellbot VP boss battle now only has 3 tiers.
- - Tier one has a max cog level of 11, awards one SOS card, and gives 60 pies per restock.
- - Tier two has a max cog level of 12, awards two SOS cards, and gives 45 pies per restock.
- - Tier three has a max cog level of 13, awards three SOS cards, and gives 30 pies per restock.
- The round two and round three themes have been swapped in the VP battle.
- Tweaked attack values for Mr. Hollywood, Big Wig, and The Big Cheese cogs.
- Spotlights in the Lawbot Lawfices now give invincibility frames upon being hit.
- Improved the suit A quake animation.
- The Ye Olde Toontowne filter no longer has the grain effect.
- Significantly extended the LOD range for toon models.
- Idle and empty chat messages no longer appear in the chat log

**Bug Fixes**
- The ‘Music Bug’ has been fixed. Music should now loop correctly throughout the game.
- Lots of small grammar and text inconsistency fixes.
- ‘Stun’ stars that show above cogs heads when certain gags are used will now show on Skelecogs.
- Fixed various issues with the purchase and use of Kart Accessories.
- Potentially fixed Laser game puzzles being stuck and unable to update.
- Fixed a rare crash with custom toon colors and shuffling in the Make A Toon.
- Fixed some issues regarding the Level bar and Maxed text not correctly showing until relogging.
- Fixed some transparency issues with the Acorn Acres waterfall.
- Fixed some clean up issues with the orange flash in your Shtickerbook when a training point is available.
- Fixed a crash that could occur when clicking arrows on the Items Page too quickly.
- Fixed a bug that would cause instance elevators to take a few seconds to load.
- Some areas in the game now use a fixed FOV to prevent the user from being able to see out of bounds.
- The Factory Foreman encounter theme now plays correctly.
- Fixed a rare crash involving playground title text.
- Fixed some issues with the Water Balloon gag animation.
- Gag Exp multipliers throughout the game should now be more consistent.
- Fixed a crash related to the “Exit Toontown” button.
- Potentially fixed some lag issues regarding the SOS page.
- Fixed a bug that would allow multiple toons to fire the same Cog.
- Fixed a bug that would cause the Exit button on fishing docks to sometimes disappear on aspect ratios smaller than 16:9.
- Fixed various issues regarding the custom controls system.
- Fixed a bug that would cause the whisper panel to behave incorrectly with chat keybinds.
- Fixed a crash related to going sad in battle.
- Fixed an issue with executive skelecogs not visually un-soaking properly.
- Fixed various instances of “sticker graphics” throughout the game, i.e. eyes, portable holes, etc.
- Fixed a few rare instances where battle movies would skip unintentionally.
- Fixed a rare issue that would cause your toon to endlessly turn in a circle.
- Fixed a bug that could cause players to earn more Lure EXP than intended in some circumstances.
- Fixed an issue with Trap that could cause Lure decay to start earlier than intended.
- Fixed various issues with cogs not walking back from Lure when they were intended to.
- Fixed a couple issues with the mailbox and item deliveries.
- Fixed an exploit that would allow toons to infinitely heal other toons in the district via the Daffodil Gardens flower.
- Fixed a rare crash with the Gag Preset dialogue.
- Fixed an issue that would sometimes cause the battle menu to appear earlier than intended.
- Fixed an uncommon bug related to street battles that could cause your camera to get all out of whack.
- Tweaked the Pick-A-Toon environment model to fix a couple visual issues.
- Tweaked the Gag Shop Interior model.
- Potentially fixed objects teleporting in the CFO crane round.
- Remove some remnants of the “New Gag GUI”.
- Fixed an issue that would cause the fog in Bossbot HQ to disappear.
- Fixed an issue that would cause higher end rods to catch 0 pound Balloon Fishes consistently.
- Many other various bug fixes that have become too numerous to count.
