### Beta v1.1.0.3

**Cog Bosses**
- C.L.O.
- - Damage taken in the C.L.O. battle now has a small damage multiplier (up to 30%) depending on the tier of the boss.
- - Treasures heal slightly (15%~) less.
- - Slightly reduced Treasure spawn rate.
- - Small tweaks to C.L.O. movement decision-making.
- - In the Cannon Round, the paintings will stay open for the entire duration of the round to allow Cogs to spawn quicker.
- - The spawn rate of cogs in the cannon round now scales to the amount of Toons present.
- C.E.O.
- - The Level 18.exe v2.0 Cog found in the second Cog Round can now be level 17 or level 19 depending on the tier.

**Tweaks**
- Executive Skelecogs now have a unique tie depending on what department they are.
- Renamed some Discord RPC zones that were not updated for the new LBHQ.
- The Chat Log will now scroll to the bottom when reopened. 

**Bugfixes**
- Toons can no longer attempt to friend NPC toons.
- Fixed an issue where the ‘Report a Toon’ dialogue would get stuck on your screen.
- Fixed several various District Resets.
- Possible fix for an issue where you would fire out of the wrong cannon in the CLO’s Cannon Round.
- Fixed a crash that could occur in the evidence round of the C.L.O. if a Toon destroyed a cog right as the round was ending.
- Fixed remaining fog issues with BBHQ.
- Fix custom keybinds in Trolley Minigames.
- Fix arms reappearing with Invisible Cheesy Effect when opening Shticker Book.
- Fix being unable to order different colored items from Catalog.
- Fixed a few edge cases with Zap not targeting the Cogs that it should target.
- All Toons that have lured a Cog should now properly receive Gag experience.
- Fixed an issue where using a unite to save a Toon from going sad would wipe their Gag experience gained that battle.
- Fixed an issue where Toons wouldn’t loop the correct animation after using sound evidence in the CLO.
- Fixed an issue where taunting in the CLO final round at the right time would allow people to walk around during the final cutscene.
- Removed a couple of out-of-bounds treasures.