### Beta v1.1.0.1

**Cog Bosses**
- C.L.O.
- - Midair movement control in the cannon round has been increased.
- - .EXE Skelecogs are now present in the cannon round.
- - - .EXE Skelecogs move faster through the air, but reward the player extra evidence towards higher tier sound gags.
- - Cogs in the cannon round will now slow down when changing directions.
- - The speed of corner spotlights in the final round has been decreased.
- - Skelecogs in the final round take 50% longer to break traps.
- - Slightly increased healing from treasures in the final round.
- - More treasures will spawn during the final round for larger groups of Toons.
- - The C.L.O. will now be stunned for slightly longer at lower HP values.
- - Corner traps are now Trapdoors.
- - Bumpy will no longer prioritize placing/repairing Trapdoors.
- - Quicksand traps on the far left and far right were brought closer towards the middle.
- -  Slightly lowered the volume of sound gags in the final round.
- - Taunt phrases from the sound gag ‘Taunt’ mode no longer appear in the chat log.
- - Adjusted the SFX that plays when paintings open.
- - Slightly decreased C.L.O.’s attack damages.
- - Bumpy’s Cog disguise should now be the same for all players.
- - Fixed an issue where Toons sometimes weren’t properly set to their neutral animation in cutscenes.
- - C&D’s now cost a quarter of the Cog’s level to use, rounded up. For example, suing a level 12 Cog will cost 3 C&D’s.
- - Extra C&D’s awarded are now +2 per bonus as opposed to +1.

- C.E.O.
- - Fires awarded per tier are now 5, 6, 7, 8, and 9.
- - Pink Slips now cost half of the Cog’s level to use, rounded up. For example, firing a level 12 Cog will cost 6 Pink Slips.

- All Bosses
- - Nerfed the Cog Boss jump damage range. (10-30 -> 8-24).

**Tweaks**
- Improved Hypno Glasses accessory textures.
- Slowed down flashing/color changing of golf balls in the Cog Golf Course golf game.
- Dialogue that includes keybind tips now tell you what the keybind is bound to, instead of the name of the keybind.

**Bugfixes**
- Fixed an issue where the incorrect number of Cogs would display when using the Cog Radar.
- Fixed an oversight that caused Prestige Drop to not have its intended accuracy increase.
- Fixed an issue where sometimes you wouldn’t unlock a profile pose when defeating the playground bosses.
- Fixed a district reset related to Fish Bingo.
- Fixed strange positioning of some Cogs in the Cashbot Mints.
- Fixed a crash related to the Toonasaur hat.
- Fixed an oversight that would allow players to gain way more unites than intended in the C.F.O. boss battle.
- Fixed a crash related to rejected Toon names.
- Fixed a crash with showing/hiding Toon ears on certain accessories.
- Fixed an issue with Lawbot invasions choosing the incorrect Cog.
- Fixed an issue with the Cog Radar displaying incorrect amounts.
- Fixed merit carryover not properly applying.
- Fixed an issue where lure rounds didn’t stack with multiple lures.
- Fixed an issue with two traps being used on the same Cog.
- Fixed an issue where the Mint Supervisor would still use their cheat the same turn all other cogs were killed.
- Potential fix for not being able to move sometimes.
- Toons that have 0 HP can no longer start or join battles.
- Fixed an issue where prestige Toon-Up could apply twice.
- Fixed an issue where lower leveled Toons could rarely roll 0 Cog Building daily tasks.
- Fixed an issue where the V.P. boss battle wouldn’t use the proper tier calculation.
