### Beta v1.1.0.7

**Enhancements**
- Multiple adjustments to Lure Decay so that it takes Track EXP, stuns, and the Cog’s defense into account.
- Prestiged lure will now delay Lure Decay by one turn. 
- Added a brand-new Pie Round song to the VP.
- Daily Tasks will no longer give a Toon the Tickets reward if they are at max Tickets.
- Daily Tasks rewards for Merits, Cogbucks, Patents, and Stock Options will only appear if the Toon has a disguise level Tier 5 or above for that department.
- Removed the Media menu from Speedchat.
- Various NPC and Shop renames. 
- Tweaked the Game of Thrones taskline to facilitate the NPC rename.
- Added a new Speedchat phrase: “Sorry, I can't use Speedchat Plus.”

**CLO Enhancements**
- Added a tornado visual indicator.
- Skelecogs in the final round of the CLO battle can no longer have attack/defense specialization.
- Virtual Skelecogs in the final round now have a smaller collision sphere for toon detection.
- Lowered the CLO's area of effect for her spin attack by roughly 20% to be more visually consistent.
- The CLO can no longer perform her spin attack while moving.

**Bugfixes**
- Fixed an issue where CEO sound effects would not pause during cutscenes.
- Removed “I’m sleepy” Speedchat phrase from the catalog.
- Fixed a few cases where the Lure Prestige indicator would not display correctly when multiple types of lure are used. 
- Cogs now immediately perform their unlure animations when lure decay occurs.
- Fixed the underwater sound effect continuing to play if you teleported to a friend while underwater in Barnacle Boatyard.
- Fixed Steve incorrectly referring to the Wireframe Cheesy Effect as the Pumpkin Head 2019 Cheesy Effect.
- Fixed a crash in the Race Game when someone instantly won.
- Fixed an issue where boarding group dialogues were not properly cleaned up when going into a boss battle.
- Fixed a bug where clicking the 'Exit Race' button during the starting countdown would cause the countdown text to remain on-screen.

