### Beta v1.2.5.2

**Halloween**
- Street Erclaim's partial rewards have been fixed to be properly worthwhile.
- The lights on the Bat-tle Pass have been slowed down slightly.
- Elphabat's response messages are no longer broadcasted to everybody.

**Table Games**
- TOONO now has a brand new selection of House Rules to choose from!
  - Draw Until Play
    - Continuously draw cards until a playable card is drawn.
  - Seven-O's
    - Playing a seven will allow you to swap card decks with another Toon.
    - Playing a zero rotates all decks around the table!
  - Stacking Cards
    - A Draw 2 can be stacked on top of another Draw 2 to increase the penalty to the next player.
    - This also works for stacking Draw 4s onto other Draw 4s.
  - Automatically Play
    - When a card is drawn, it will be immediately played if possible.
- The camera should now spin around the table slower during transitions.
- A small jingle now plays whenever your turn comes up in TOONO.
- The jellybean reward from TOONO has been increased for particularly long games.
- A Toon drawing and playing from the deck with only one card now has a larger window of time to say TOONO.
- General UI improvements to TOONO.

**Racing**
- Several adjustments have been made to racing.
  - Wall collisions are now somewhat more forgiving.
  - Boosts are now easier to hit at stronger angles.
- Racing gags have been adjusted as well.
  - Introducing a new item: Bowling Ball!
    - This item will roll down the track, hitting the racer in front of whoever threw it!
    - If it hits you, prepare to be squished!
    - A very powerful, but inaccurate gag. A strong racer could avoid it!
  - Cream Pie Slices now have very slight homing towards the player in front.
  - Racing gag frequency now has a greater proportion of boosts for players further behind.
  - All racetracks have been given additional race gag spawns.
  - The hitbox for the item boxes is now slightly larger.
  - Item boxes now take latency into consideration, meaning players behind you will no longer take your items. 
- Due to the strong tweaks regarding items boxes and wall collisions, we've gone ahead and wiped the racing leaderboards again for the last time.

**Tweaks and Bugfixes**
- Discord Rich Presence should no longer display district information.
- YOTT has been given additional ambience.
- Tweaked the wording on the Fired attack.
- Removed lingering references to Racing Tickets.
- Updated Toon Tips to be in line with the latest information.
- Potentially fixed issues regarding some of the new Fish Bingo boards.
- Fixed golf giving the wrong amount of jellybeans.
- Fixed Tumbles not having his unique idle dialogue outside of TTC.
- Fixed an issue where level-up messages were broadcasted to all Toons.
- Fixed capitalization issues when viewing "Investigate" ToonTasks on the ToonTasks list.
- Fixed issues regarding falling asleep in the Bat-tle Pass and Halloween Shop.
- Fixed district resets related to the picnic games table. No longer will the Cogs try to take over one!
- Fixed an issue with Winter Stripes in the Wardrobe UI.
- Fixed a ToonTask dialogue where Flippy forgot the name of Coach Z.
- Fixed several server-side memory leaks.
- Minor text fixes.