### Beta v1.2.6.1
 
**New Year's**
- Happy New Year to everyone from the Corporate Clash Crew!
- Enjoy fireworks in every playground hourly!
- Dress to celebrate the holiday with a brand new New Year's 2022 outfit!
  - To redeem this outfit, simply login by January 2nd @ 11:59PM!
- New Year's will start on December 29th at midnight and end on January 3rd at midnight.
 
**Toonseltown**
- Fixed a long-standing issue causing client hangs upon entering or leaving Toonseltown.
- Added some missing items to the Present Thief item pool.
- Fixed an issue where Toons that have the 'Antler Adhesive' quest completed wouldn't get the proper reward when they rewrite.
  - This means Toons that completed the task as a species other than deer then rewrite to deer will get the red nose species effect on next login.
  - Alternatively, Toons that completed the task as a deer and then rewrite to another species will get the antler head accessory on next login.
  - NOTE: The above will only apply if you've completed the quest past 2018, otherwise you'll need to complete the quest again for change to apply.
- Fixed an issue where the accessory reward from the 'Antler Adhesive' quest didn't appear in the scavenge UI.
- Fixed an issue where the Spirit of Toonsmas Present wore the wrong backpack accessory.
- The Rudolph NPCs found some red paint and are now reflective of their namesake!
 
**Bugfixes**
- Fixed a rendering configuration setting that prevented fog from rendering correctly.
- Fixed a long-standing oversight where the first battle round of a Tier 2 CEO had 50% more cogs than either Tier 1 or Tier 3.
- Fixed an issue where an estate couch was causing crashes when trying to race.
  - Turns out races weren't the right place to take a nap.
- Fixed an issue where Toon splits for bosses were not always being randomized properly.
- Fixed an issue with an easter egg.
 
**Tweaks**
- After more than two years of refusing to obey the laws of physics, the Barnacle Boatyard playground signs have finally agreed to utilize inelastic collisions; inhibiting Toons from coalescing them.
- Content Pack creators can now use waveform (*.wav) or *.mp3 music files in content packs, as long as they update their music.json file respectively.
- Added back the "Sorry, I can't use SpeedChat Plus." SpeedChat phrase.
- Optimized the Delete All button on mailboxes.
- Made some visual changes to the gag display to improve readability.
  - Gags have a soft shadow to make them stand out on backgrounds more.
  - The prestige color tint effect is now replaced with a starry background.