### Beta v1.2.7.9 (27th June, 2022)
 
**Sellbots**
- New Cog Building music has been introduced for Sellbots!
  - Enjoy unique battle themes from floors one through five, a unique final round theme, an extended grace period theme, and some snazzy elevator tunes!
 
**Items**
- Based on community feedback, we are replacing several outdated and culturally insensitive Cattlelog items with brand new designs:
  - The Feather Headband has been replaced with a sweatband.
  - The "Teepee" Estate item has been replaced with a tent.
  - The feathers from the "Native Chair" Estate item have been removed, and it has been renamed to "Woven Chair."
  - The "Dreamcatcher" item has been replaced with a poster.
  - The "Native Camp" view has been renamed to "Camp".
    - It has been de-listed from the Cattlelog for the time being, and will be replaced at a later date.
  - The cover of Cattlelog Series 4 has been changed to feature these new items.
 
Thank you for bringing these items to our attention, and your patience with us as we create replacements for them. We hope this will help foster a more inclusive environment.
 
**Tweaks**
- Improved the quality of the battle GUI and many accessories' textures.
 
-----

### Beta v1.2.7.9 (Hotfix 27th June, 2022)

**Bugfixes** 
- Fixed a crash when trying to open the Estate furniture edit menu if the player has a Tent in their room or attic.
- Fixed an issue where the pride capes would clip into certain Toon body types.
- Added missing shadows to the Sweatband texture.

-----

### Beta v1.2.7.9 (Hotfix 28th June, 2022)

**Bugfixes** 
- Fixed an issue with Aviator Glasses's transparency.
