### Beta v1.2.1

**April Toons**
- Boredbot's HQ has reopened its tunnel for April Toons!
  - Run down Twilight Terrace to give Ottoman a visit, he definitely has a lot to talk about the last year!
- Resistance Ranger Rocky has some leftover T-Shirts from Break the Law. And yes, he's giving them away.
  - Visit Rocky in The Brrrgh Toon HQ for a new ToonTask!
- Turkey Toons are back once again!
  - Make a new Toon or visit the Restoration Station to create a Turkey Toon!
- 1 Laff Ubers are also back!
  - This is the last year that 1 Laff Ubers will be available, so make sure to create one while you can.

**Streets**
- Twilight Terrace has received a complete overhaul!
  - Twilight Terrace is now a feature complete street, serving as a long climb up to the perilous Boredbot's HQ.
  - Pajama Place is now at the foot of the bed in Drowsy Dreamland and leads to The Brrrgh.
  - Twilight Terrace is now on the pillow in Drowsy Dreamland and leads to Boredbot's HQ.
  - To accommodate for these changes, Cog percentages on streets in Drowsy Dreamland have been updated.
    - Lullaby Lane: 10% Boardbot, 5% Bossbot, 5% Lawbot, 40% Cashbot, 40% Sellbot.
    - Pajama Place: 10% Boardbot, 40% Bossbot, 40% Lawbot, 5% Cashbot, 5% Sellbot.
    - Twilight Terrace: 80% Boardbot, 5% Bossbot, 5% Lawbot, 5% Cashbot, 5% Sellbot.
    - Some Tasks in Drowsy Dreamland have also been updated to flow better with the percentage changes.
- All streets in the game now have their own Street Map!
- Street Maps now display the Executive Cog chance on that street.
- Updated various Street Maps throughout the game.
- Updated the position of the "Cog Info Table" on various Street Maps.
- Fixed various holes in Ye Olde Toontowne streets when buildings were taken over by the Cogs.
- Fixed many holes, clips, and other visual issues with Acorn Acres streets.
- Added custom windows to Acorn Acres streets.
- Fixed various buildings in Daffodil Gardens that would sometimes be difficult to enter.
- Acorn Avenue has been renamed to Almond Avenue.
- Piano props found in Mezzo Melodyland streets now use the correct model.
- Other various general cleanup.

**Overclocked C.L.O.**
- Cogs in the evidence round of both the C.L.O. and Overclocked C.L.O. battles will exit paintings quicker after spawning.
- Litigator
  - Fixed an issue with Snap that would stop properly tracking damage when using weaker versions of the attack.
- Scapegoat
  - Scapegoat's Rage status effect will now properly reflect the fact that he does not receive reduced damage while in desperation and rage.
- Stenographer
  - Fixed an issue with Court Sanction that would stop properly tracking damage when using weaker versions of the attack.
  - Stenographer has received a new special ability.
  - Stenographer's Court Record ability will now only block Level 6, 7, and 8 Gags.
- Case Manager
  - Insurance will now remove the Sued status effect from Cogs when applied.
  - Heals from Insurance will now display slightly faster.

**Boss Reward Changes**
- All Gag Boost SOS cards will now last for an additional round.
- Trap Gag Boost SOS cards have had their percentages changed.
  - 3 Star: +20% Boost
  - 4 Star: +30% Boost
  - 5 Star: +40% Boost
- Zap Gag Boost SOS cards have had their percentages changed.
  - 3 Star: +10% Boost
  - 4 Star: +15% Boost
  - 5 Star: +20% Boost
- Squirt Gag Boost SOS cards now give an additional +2 Soak rounds to Squirt Gags.
- Toon-Up Unites now have the following healing values:
  - 20 Toon-Up
  - 30 Toon-Up
  - 40 Toon-Up
  - 50 Toon-Up
  - 60 Toon-Up
  - Battle and real-time cooldowns have also been adjusted to reflect these changes.
  - Currently owned Toon-Up Unites will automatically update to the new values.

**Battle Interface Changes**
- The Battle Interface will now scale based on the aspect ratio of your screen while playing.
  - This should prevent some issues with certain elements overlapping each other and elements going off-screen.
- The Run, Pass, and SOS buttons on the Battle Interface will now display text while hovering over them.
- Clicking on the purple question mark on a Toon or Cog panel while in battle will now display a more in-depth set of information, including a Toon's full Gag panel as well as all current Status Effects.

**Tweaks**
- Gag Shops now have a unique theme for each playground!
- The reward screen after a Trolley game is now themed according to the playground you're in!
- Added a new option to the Video section of the Options Page that allows you to change the scale of your Shtickerbook!
- Added back movement hotkeys to swap Shtickerbook pages.
- While a Cog info panel is open, the HP will now update without having to re-open the panel.
- Battles with 5 or 6 Cogs will now have a wider collision radius to prevent Toons from standing inside of Cogs.
- Added boarding phrases for the Overclocked C.L.O. battle.
- Tweaked and added more encounter and brush-off phrases to Lawbot specialist Cogs.
- Updated various visuals and collisions of the Drowsy Dreamland playground.
- Updated various visuals of the Kart Shop interior.
 
**Bugfixes**
- Fixed an issue that would cause Cogs to walk out of Cog buildings that were not their department.
- When entering a Cog battle from a ramp, Cogs will now correctly walk on the ramp into their battle positions.
- Fixed some Drowsy Dreamland buildings that did not have proper backs to them.
- Fixed an issue that would cause the Daily Task poster to show while in the Tutorial.
- Fixed a bug that would cause some overhealed Cogs to have decimal HP numbers.
- Fixed various positionings of Gag and Laff barrels in Cashbot HQ Mints.
- Fixed an issue in the C.L.O. and Overclocked C.L.O. battle that would cause the sound effects for Trap Gags going off to delay the C.L.O. falling down.
- Fixed a bug that would cause the Toon Hall and Ye Olde Toontowne Dungeon music to not loop properly.
- Fixed Backstabber having multiple of the same phrase in the Cog Speak menu.
- Fixed a bug that would cause Sued Cogs to not step back after becoming unlured.
- Fixed a bug that would cause the Lure Decay Toon Tip to trigger when missing a Lure gag.
- Fixed an issue that would cause some battle sound effects to not properly update their volume when starting the game at 0% sound effect volume.
- Updated the warning text for Uber mode to reflect the Respec option's addition to the Restoration Station.
- Fixed a bug that would cause Unites used while on the reward panel of a battle to not give a realtime cooldown.
- Fixed an issue with overhead Laff Meters that would cause their elements to shift out of place when viewed from certain angles.
- Minor text fixes.
