### Beta v1.2.7.3 (12th April, 2022)
 
**Tweaks**
- Chess no longer rewards Toons with Batcoins and Jellybeans if the game is too short.
- Certain NPCs have been given a camera transition upon interacting with them.
- Count Erfit will now spawn a variety of Cogs within the level, rather than only Tier 8 cogs.
- Removed a buff related to the old taskline that gave 1-laff Toons a 45% chance of only battling one Cog when starting a street battle in Acorn Acres.
- Optimized the table models in the C.E.O. battle.
  - Toons should see a performance boost in the Banquet round.
- Massively optimized Cog spawning behavior to be less taxing on the server.
- Implemented some backend changes to allow the Corporate Clash Crew to temporarily take individual districts down for maintenance.
  - Toons will not be able to join those districts while maintenance is in progress, however other districts remain available.
  - Toons may be silently relocated to another district if the district they are on is marked for maintenance.
  - You can see which districts are unavailable on the Districts page on your Shtickerbook.
- The district you are currently on is now marked orange in the District page on your Shtickerbook.
- **For Content Pack Creators**: Moved a couple Suit voice sound effects from phase_12 to phase_14.
  - Boardbot voices will now be loading from phase_14 instead of phase_12.
 
**Bugfixes**
- Fixed a major issue where the Cogs would constantly try to flood the streets above the maximum amount of Cogs, causing server performance issues.
  - We have increased the minimum and maximum amount of Cogs each street / Cog HQ is allowed to have (40% - 50% more than Toontown Online levels), but you may still see less Cogs than before across the board.
- Addressed various server-side memory leaks.
- All Toonseltown tasks have been extended until the end of the April Toons' Month.
- Fixed an issue with the Toonseltown ToonTask "Knit Up Goods" where Toons started the ToonTask with Tinker instead of Granny Thread.
- Fixed an issue where the Toonseltown minigame would improperly run in safe Districts.
- Fixed an issue with the C.L.O. and the O.C.L.O. final rounds where Cogs would have the HP of a Cog several levels higher than displayed.
- Fixed an issue where the camera could get stuck in the ground upon loading into a zone.
- Fixed an issue where Tier 1 Count Erfit could spawn Level 7 Tier 8 Cogs.
- Fixed an issue where NPCs could display overhead Laff Meters.
- Fixed an issue where the camera would be stuck in the floor while teleporting into an area.
- Fixed a long-standing issue where throwable traps would duplicate.
- Fixed a rare district reset caused by a particularly zealous Foreman.
- Fixed a district reset related to the C.L.O. and O.C.L.O.
- Fixed an issue where the launcher sometimes report the population count as 0 Toons.
- Minor text fixes.
