### Beta v1.2.6
 
**Toonsmas**
- Toontown has gotten a holiday makeover for the Toonsmas season!
  - Barnacle Boatyard has frozen over again, and *somebody* is very cold.
  - The Estate has been given a polish and a "cool" holiday makeover.
  - Frozen fish can be caught in any pond due to the colder weather!
- Caroling is back! Check out the hints [here](https://corporateclash.net/news/article/71).
 
**Toonseltown**
- Toonseltown is now reopened for the Toonsmas season, and will stay open through January 9th, 2021!
  - It's true! Toonseltown is now available for an additional week.
  - Toons can teleport to Toonseltown through the ‘Toonseltown’ button on the Map page of the Shticker Book!
- Help Toonseltown's citizens with daily ToonTasks for various rewards!
  - Candie LaBrum, The Spirit of Toonsmas Past, has returned to Toonseltown, and she needs some help!
    - Perhaps the other spirits will make a timely appearance throughout the holiday?
- Toonseltown's 'Present Thief' minigame will run every 20 minutes on the clock, earn enough points to earn a large assortment of customization prizes!
  - The number of rewards earned will scale with both your personal score and the team's score, work together to earn the most prizes!
  - Rewards are now shown on the gathering UI.
 
**Gathering**
- The gathering UI for jellybeans has been expanded to include materials from all parts of the game!
  - This is referring to the popups on the left side of the screen, introduced during this year's Halloween event.
  - Resource icons can be hovered over for more information.
  - Resources can be clicked on to dismiss.
  - The following items will now be displayed on the left side of the screen upon being obtained:
    - All clothing, including task rewards and Present Thief
    - All accessories, including task rewards and Present Thief
    - Jellybeans from task rewards
    - Nameplates
    - Profile backgrounds
    - Profile poses
    - Toon Cheesy Effects
    - Nametag styles
    - SOS cards
    - Unites
    - Cease and Desists
    - Pink Slips
    - Cog Summons
    - Teleport access, both for playgrounds and HQs
 
**Bosses**
- The algorithm for placing Toons on each side of a battle round in a Cog Battle has been improved.
  - If your group has a similar enough Toon level, Toons will be more likely to fight alongside their friends!
  - Otherwise, the group will be weighted such that each side has roughly the same average level.
 
**Tweaks**
- Toon NPC interiors now have unique wallpapers, floors, and wainscotting variations throughout the game.
- Some Ye Olde Toontowne shopkeepers may have a different Toon Interior due to a change in how their interiors were generated.
- The Match NPC Trolley game now only chooses from a small selection of NPCs.
- Based on community submissions from November's Discord contest, we have added over 25 new SpeedChat phrases available to purchase!
- The "Battle" SpeedChat category has been reorganized, and now contains more phrases to say during a Cog battle.
  - In line with the changes made to the category, the "I think you should pass." purchasable SpeedChat phrase has been replaced with "I'll pass.".
- The Bowling Ball in racing now has a unique sound for when it vanishes.
- Made adjustments to server configurations in order to reduce latency.
- Pig Toon heads have had their placements adjusted.
  - Neck, that is all.
- Disabled the Count Erclaim leaderboard. He lives on to haunt us even after Halloween...
- Various asset optimizations & cleanup.
 
**Bugfixes**
- Fixed certain issues regarding festive lighting applying in areas meant to lack festivity.
- Fixed an issue where the Factory Foreman's cheat was failing to activate.
- Fixed an issue where the YOTT ambience would persist upon logging out.
- Fixed issues regarding gaining merits without suit parts or with an Executive Suit.
- Fixed a couple of typos with Cog names.
- Fixed an oversight regarding timing out of the rebind menu.
- Fixed several issues regarding music.
- Fixed a graphical bug related to lights flickering in Cog building elevators.
- Various backend improvements.