### Beta v1.2.0 

**Overclocked C.L.O.**
- Dissatisfied with her losses against the Toons, the C.L.O. has taken up an offer from the Chairman to get back at them. In the new "Overclocked" version of her battle, the C.L.O. will be pulling out all the stops to create the greatest challenge that Toons have yet seen!
- The C.L.O.'s secretary, Judy, is offering Directives to help high ranking Lawbots promote to Executives!
  - Once you have completed the Brrrgh main Taskline and have become a Big Wig level 8 in your Lawbot disguise, you can talk to Judy to pick up your first Directive. Upon completing this Directive, you will gain access to the Executive Lobby and begin to challenge the Overclocked C.L.O.!
  - If a Toon completes the Overclocked C.L.O. battle with a non-maxed Big Wig disguise, they will gain an additional 50% Merit carryover that will stack with the Level 20 Department reward.
  - If a Toon completes the Overclocked C.L.O. battle with a maxed Big Wig disguise, they will promote to an Executive Pettifogger and can begin to promote further through their Executive disguise.
  - Upon reaching the max level for a tier of your Executive disguise, such as Pettifogger level 7, Judy will offer a new Directive that allows you to promote to the next Executive disguise tier.
  - Additionally, Toons must complete an extra Directive to reach level 15 at the max tier and finish the promotion of their Executive disguise.
  - Through completing Directives, Toons can earn various Toon panel customization rewards, a special secret reward, and an additional 3 Laff points.
    - This brings the maximum Laff to 137.

**Standard C.L.O.**
- Skelecogs in the evidence round and final round have been replaced with normal Executive Cogs.
  - Executive Cogs in the evidence and final round now have a yellow name tag to make them easier to identify from a distance.
- Minimum Cog levels in the Virtual Skelecog round have been raised to match other Cog bosses' rounds.
- The C.L.O.’s tornado attack will no longer disappear when the C.L.O. becomes stunned.
- The time the C.L.O. waits to do another attack after a tornado has been shortened.
- The tornado attack will also display an indicator on the ground when it is about to happen.
- If a Toon reaches the evidence cap during the evidence round, additional Cogs they destroy will award evidence to all Toons.
- Chat messages will no longer show up underneath the Evidence Meter during the evidence round.
- Slightly reduced the amount of time a Toon is slowed down or locked in place after using Sound in the C.L.O.

**Battle System**
- The battle system has received a massive extension!
- The battle system has several new features, including Status Effects, environmental attacks, and a plethora of backend changes to allow for virtually infinite customizability in creating new unique battles!
  - The battle system refactor found as part of the v1.1.0 update was the first of two steps to make the battle system more modern and modular.
  - While the initial refactor focused mostly on recoding the battle system from the ground up and ensuring the existing functionality was in place, this extension focuses on furthering the possibilities of the battle system and streamlining the process of creating custom battles in the future.
- One of the new features that are now possible is Status Effects!
  - Status Effects are, simply put, an effect visible on a Toon or Cog that will modify the battle over the course of several rounds.
  - As the Status Effect system is a brand new addition, the following have been re-implemented or introduced to utilize it:
    - Lure
    - Soak
    - Trap
    - Cease and Desist
    - Toons Accuracy Up, Cogs Damage Down, Gag Boost, and Unite Cooldown (See the "Boss Reward Balance Changes" section for more details.)
    - Lure resistance found on minibosses
    - Cog damage boosts, such as when entering the Skelecog form of a v2.0
    - Ink Drain, found in the D.O.L.A. battle
    - The D.O.P.R.'s extra attacks
    - The D.O.P.A.'s extra attack mechanics
    - Life Insurance, found in the Mint Supervisor battle
  - Status Effects are visible on a Toon or Cog's info panel in battle. (See the "Battle Interface" section for more details.)
- A new internal interface called the "Battle Listener" has been developed to streamline the implementation of unique battles.

**Battle Interface**
- The visual interface while in battle has been completely re-imagined and re-invigorated!
- This Includes revamps of the Toon battle panel, Cog battle panel, main battle panel, SOS interface, the target selection panel, and the all-new lock-in panel!
- Toon and Cog battle panels
  - Current Status Effects are listed on each panel, as well as the rounds remaining.
    - Hovering over a Status Effect will give you a detailed description of what the Status Effect does.
  - Hovering over the purple question mark button will give a brief description of the Toon or Cog, such as a Toon's highest level gags as well as their prestige status.
  - Damage modifiers such as the Ink Drain status effect will now reflect in the damage number displayed above a Toon's panel after choosing a Gag.
 - Lock-in Panel
  - Before a battle round begins, Toons must Lock-in their battle choices.
  - Toons can select targets and thoroughly plan out their strategies without triggering the end of the turn as long as they have not Locked-in their Gag choices.
  - Once all Toons have Locked-in their Gag choices, the round will proceed as normal.
  - A new option has been added to the Options Page in the Shtickerbook that allows you to automatically Lock-in your Gag choices during battle.
- When the battle timer reaches 10 seconds remaining, a sound effect and sequence will alert the player of the remaining time left.
- The battle timer has been increased to 40 seconds.

**Tumbles**
- Tumbles is the newest Toon tourist in town!
  - There've been a lot of tourists around town lately, come to think of it.
- Tumbles can be found around each playground, taking in all of the sights.
- Completing Tumbles' new side ToonTasks in Toontown Central through Drowsy Dreamland will allow your Toon to gain access to 8 brand new Profile Poses!
  - In order to have access to each of Tumbles ToonTask, you must have access to the main Taskline for that playground, as well as having completed all of Tumbles previous Tasks.

**Restoration Station**
- The Restoration Station has gained a new option: Respec!
- The Respec option allows Uber mode Toons to move off of Uber mode and become a regular Toon without Laff restrictions.
  - Toons who are not Ubers cannot become an Uber using the Respec option.

**Refund Points**
- Lynn Decisive, a traveling trader Toon, has begun selling Refund Points for 40,000 Jellybeans each in the Acorn Acres playground!
  - If her business is successful enough, maybe she'll get her own shop someday…
- Refund Points can now be used to Refund prestige Gag tracks!
  - If a prestige Gag track is refunded, the prestige and the track itself will be removed, and the player will receive 3 Training Points.
- Tracks refunded with Refund Points now only lose half of their total experience.
  - For example, refunding the Throw track while it is maxed and then getting it again later will start you with 10,000 experience already credited in the track.

**Boss Reward Balance Changes**
- As time has gone on, the boss rewards found throughout the game have proved to be more powerful than necessary and have placed design limits on content throughout the game. In order to free up some of these limits and make these rewards more balanced overall, we have made the following changes to boss rewards:
- Unites
  - While in battle, using a Unite will cause the Toon who used the Unite to be unable to use another Unite for up to the next 4 turns.
  - While outside of a Cog battle, using a Unite will cause the Toon who used the Unite to be unable to use another Unite for up to the next 3 minutes.
  - The length of the Unite cooldown while both in and out of battle depends on how powerful a Unite was used.
  - Gag-Up Unites will now restock up to level 7 Gags.
  - Gag-Up Unites now have a cap of Gags restocked to prevent overfilling a Toon’s inventory.
    - Specific Track Gag-Up Unites will restock up to 12 Gags per use.
    - All Track Gag-Up Unites will restock up to 40 Gags per use.
  - Unites used outside of battle will only affect Toons who are also outside of a battle.
  - Unites used while in a battle will only affect other members of the battle.
- SOS Cards
  - Gag SOS cards have been replaced with "Gag Boost" cards. "Gag Boost" cards will boost the effectiveness of the given Gag track. The specifications are as follows for Toon-Up:
    - 3 Stars, 20% Boost, 2 Rounds.
    - 4 Stars, 30% Boost, 2 Rounds.
    - 5 Stars, 40% Boost, 2 Rounds.
  - For Trap, Throw, Squirt, and Drop, the specifications are as follows:
    - 3 Stars, 10% Boost, 2 Rounds.
    - 4 Stars, 15% Boost, 2 Rounds.
    - 5 Stars, 20% Boost, 2 Rounds.
  - For Lure, Sound, and Zap, since these are Gags that affect multiple Cogs, the specifications are as follows:
    - 3 Stars, 5% Boost, 2 Rounds.
    - 4 Stars, 10% Boost, 2 Rounds.
    - 5 Stars, 15% Boost, 2 Rounds.
    - Note: Lure boost SOS cards will apply to knockback damage multiplier.
  - For Rain, the boost will apply to all Gag tracks, and the specifications are as follows:
    - 1 Star, 5% Boost, 1 Round.
  - "Cogs Miss" SOS cards have been replaced with "Cogs Damage Down" cards. The specifications are as follows:
    - Flim Flam: 3 Stars, -30% Damage, 3 Rounds.
    - Mr. Freeze: 4 Stars, -45% Damage, 3 Rounds.
    - Julius Wheezer: 5 Stars, -60% Damage, 3 Rounds.
    - "Cogs Damage Down" SOS cards are half as effective on Manager Cogs and last for 2 rounds. For example, a 5-star card will reduce a Manager Cog’s damage by 30% and last for two rounds.
  - "Toons Hit" SOS cards have been replaced with "Toons Accuracy Up" cards. The specifications are as follows:
    - Soggy Bottom: 3 Stars, 15% Accuracy, 3 Rounds.
    - Soggy Nell: 4 Stars, 25% Accuracy, 3 Rounds.
    - Sticky Lou: 5 Stars, 35% Accuracy, 3 Rounds.
    - "Toons Accuracy Up" SOS cards will not pass the Toon accuracy cap of 95%.
  - Single Gag track restock SOS cards, such as Joe Shockit, have become legacy SOS cards and will no longer be awarded for defeating the V.P. If you had these cards before the update, you will still have access to them.
  - While in the Sellbot V.P. boss battle, Resistance Ranger Rain will now be the sole Toon held captive by the V.P.
  - Rain will give Toons a random assortment of SOS cards as a reward for beating the Sellbot V.P., as opposed to multiple of the same SOS card.
  - Toons can now hold as many SOS cards as they would like.

**Gag Balance Changes**
- Toon-Up Gags
  - All Toon-Up Gags now have 95% base accuracy.
- Lure Gags
  - When Cogs are lured in battle by multiple Lure Gags, they will now be lured for the highest amount of Lure rounds out of the Lure Gags targeting them, as opposed to the combined amount of Lure rounds between all Gags.
  - The base accuracy curve of Lure Gags has been changed.
    - Old: 50%, 50%, 60%, 60%, 70%, 70%, 80%, 80%.
    - New: 65%, 65%, 70%, 70%, 75%, 75%, 80%, 80%.
- Zap Gags
  - Every time a Zap Gag hits a Cog, the Cog will become unsoaked one round sooner.
  - Note that Soak will only wear off after all Zap Gags have been used, so you won’t have to worry about Soak wearing off in-between multiple Zap Gags in the same round!
- Squirt Gags
  - Prestige Squirt’s 20% dodge chance de-buff now applies to all types of Soak (prestige and non-prestige) and has been lowered to 15%.
  - Prestige Squirt’s 1 Soak round buff has been moved to the regular, non-prestige Squirt.
  - As a result of these changes, the only effect remaining on prestige Squirt is the ability to splash other cogs surrounding the target and soak them.

**Shtickerbook**
- The Shtickerbook has increased in size by roughly 20%!
  - This was done to make more use of the existing screen space offered while using the Shtickerbook.
- Options Page
  - The Options Page has been stylized and completely revamped!
  - There is now a Reset Tab (i.e., Reset Gameplay Options) button and a Reset All button at the bottom of each Options section.
  - Hovering over an option will display a brief description of the option.
  - Due to some backend changes regarding keybinds, you may need to rebind some of your keys.
- Cog Disguise Page
  - The Cog Disguise Page has also gotten a revamp!
  - Department experience and levels for the selected department will show on the right-hand side of the page.
- Activities Page
  - All past activity pages have been condensed into the new singular Activities Page.
  - Activity experience and levels are now visible for each activity.
- SOS page
  - As mentioned previously, Toons can now hold as many SOS cards as they would like. The SOS page in the Shtickerbook has been retrofitted with a scrollbar, a search bar, and a few filtering options to accommodate for this change.

**Tweaks**
- Tweaked attack damage, accuracy, and frequencies for Downsizer, Corporate Raider, The Swindler, Toxic Manager, Magnate, Number Cruncher, and Legal Eagle Cogs to smooth out their progression as their levels increase.
- Updated the icon used for Lawfice Task objectives.
- Lawfice elevators and Cog Golf Course karts that take Toons to the next floor now have 30-second timers.
- Cog Invasions will no longer affect the Cogs found in Toontown Central. However, the Gag experience bonus will still apply.
- To avoid confusion between the general term for Cog Disguise promotional units "Merits" and Sellbot "Merits," Sellbot "Merits" have been renamed to "Invoices."
- Tweaked several aspects of Daily Tasks!
  - Increased the minimum amount of Racing Tickets earned from Daily Tasks to 100.
  - Racing, golf, and all Jellybean Daily Task objectives now have some variance based on Toon level.
  - Slightly lowered the maximum requirement for general Cogs, general Cog Bosses, and general facility Daily Task objectives.
  - Slightly increased the specific Cog Daily Task objective requirement.
- Reviewed and corrected accessory placements of nearly all accessories.
- Added a face-off phrase to Cold Callers.
- "Spruced" up the Daffodil Gardens playground!
- Added a new Lawfice laser game--Simon Says!
- Added Cog "Brush Off" phrases to the Cog Speak chat menu while in a Cog disguise.
- Added various other missing Cog phrases to the Cog Speak chat menu.
- Toons can no longer enter doors if they are not directly facing the door.
  - This should prevent issues that would sometimes cause Toons to be immediately sent back outside if many Toons entered an area at the same time.
- Red magnets in the C.F.O. battle now play the correct noise while active.
- All Cog Golf Course minigames now only award 20 Laff if completed.
- Added new buyable banks that can store up to 100,000 Jellybeans.
  - If you do not own the highest available bank, new banks will appear in each Cattlelog issue.
- Added a Toon Tip that displays when a Toon encounters Lure decay for the first time.
- Adjusted the colors of fish rarities to be more readable in various scenarios.
- While playing Golf, the scoreboard will no longer appear at the beginning of every player’s turn.
- Various SOS NPCs have talked with Paletti Swatch and Redrawn to freshen up for the upcoming Spring season!
- High-level Drop Gags now use an overhead camera angle to make them easier to view during battle.
- The Big Cheese, The Mingler, and The Swindler Cogs have had the "The" removed from their names to be more grammatically correct in various scenarios.
- Tex, the shopkeeper Toon at Armadillo Pillow Company, has redrawn into an Armadillo!
- You can now zoom in on your Toon’s face in the Make-A-Toon interface by using the mouse scroll-wheel.
- You can now press either the Advance Dialog Hotkey (Default F5) or the Map Hotkey (Default Esc) to activate the Skip Cutscene button while in a boss.
- Some Cogs (such as Count Erclaim and Sads) will now be hidden in the Cog Gallery until they are discovered.
- Added a "Skip Cutscene" button to the victory movie in the Derrickman fight.
- Added a "Skip Cutscene" button to the overhead camera pans while playing Minigolf.
- Added various missing characters to the "VT Remington Portable" Cog font.
- Added new elevator themes for the V.P., C.L.O., and C.E.O. battles.
- Removed "Visual Indicators" option. Visual Indicators will always be active now.
- The river currents in Ye Olde Toontowne have calmed, making it a bit less nauseating for some Toons.

**Bugfixes**
- Fixed an issue that would cause keys bound to the Insert key to function incorrectly in the C.L.O. boss battle.
- Fixed an oversight with sprinting that would allow Toons to regain normal speed sooner than intended while using Sound gags in the C.L.O. battle.
- Fixed an issue that would cause Toons to be placed in the incorrect state in the final round of the C.L.O. battle after taking damage.
- Fixed multiple memory leaks with the cannons in the evidence round in the C.L.O. battle.
- Fixed a memory leak caused by using Sound Gags in the final round in the C.L.O. battle.
- Fixed a major memory leak caused by destroying flying Cogs in both the evidence and final rounds of the C.L.O. battle.
- Fixed an extremely rare crash with switching sound modes in the C.L.O. battle at an inopportune time.
- Fixed a longstanding issue that would cause the battle menu to sometimes appear before intended when joining battles.
- Fixed a camera issue that would cause the camera to appear below the floor when initially logging into the game.
- Fixed some issues with Cog Building floor indicators showing the wrong floors.
- Fixed an issue that would cause the local Toon’s name tag to appear on the sides of the screen in some places.
- Fixed an issue with Snowman Steve that would cause him to incorrectly inform the player that they have earned the "Pumpkin Behind The Carving" Cheesy Effect when completing their ToonTask.
  - He won’t forget again in the future!
- Fixed an issue with the Codes tab of the Items Page that would make it difficult to type in codes while movement keybinds were set.
- Fixed several crashes and cleanup issues with Kart Racing.
- Fixed a transparency issue that would sometimes occur on the windows of buildings in the Ye Olde Toontowne Playground.
- Fixed several more issues that would cause the battle camera to get stuck in place or lag behind.
- Fixed several more movie skip issues related to the use of Unites.
- Fixed a music bug that would cause the error music to sometimes play in unintended areas.
- Fixed an issue with the Restoration Station that would sometimes not allow the player to choose a free option if they did not have 10,000 Jellybeans for another option.
- Fixed a bug that would cause Toons to have a 1% chance to dodge Cog attacks with 100% accuracy.
- Fixed an oversight that would cause Zap Gags used on Executive Cogs to show the wrong Skelecog color.
- Fixed a bug that would cause Rain to use the wrong bow animation after using their SOS card.
- Potentially fixed a bug that would rarely cause Toons to never go offline from the friends list.
- Fixed a bug that would cause Toons to see a black screen upon entering a minigolf course.
- Fixed a bug that would cause Toons to see a black screen upon entering a race track.
- Fixed a bug that would cause a crash if a Toon exited a race track before the race began.
- Reduced lag while using the "Deposit All" and "Withdraw All" buttons in the Bank GUI.
- Fixed a bug that would cause Paletti Swatch to use the incorrect color in the Chat Log.
- Fixed an issue where Webster’s books were floating over his head.
- Fixed a rare crash while choosing colors and shuffling in the Make-A-Toon and Restoration Station.
- Fixed an issue that would cause Toon’s cameras to sometimes get all out of whack while quickly talking to NPCs.
- Fixed an oversight that would cause Judy to have green name text in the Chat Log.
- Various other small bugfixes.
- Minor text fixes.
