### Beta v1.2.7.1 (3rd April, 2022)

**Overclocked Find the Foreman**
- The real Foreman can no longer be Overcharged.
- The real Foreman will now have three randomly-chosen Compensation types that are inactive on each round.
- Any Worker's Compensations that healed 200 HP now heal 160 HP.
- The Rebalance compensation has been nerfed. Tragic.
- Tremendously, seriously, and diabolically nerfed the max HP of the real Foreman.

**Tweaks**
- Added an option under the Accessibility tab to reduce potentially disorienting motion and visual effects during battle.
- Adjusted the color of Overcharged visual effect.
- Doors in facilities will now stay open for slightly longer.

**Bugfixes**
- Potentially fix a district reset regarding Cannon Game.
- Fixed a game crash if a Toon has expired Boosters.
- Fixed several visual effect crashes.
- Potentially fixed a crash that could occur after completing a C.F.O.
- Fixed a district reset related to Find the Foreman.
- Fixed a district reset related to the Overclocked C.L.O.
- Fixed incorrect Discord Rich Presence entry for the Ottoman encounter.
- Fixed a game crash related to Warehouse stomper buttons in the Sellbot Factory.
- Fixed an issue causing Activity and Department Experience to award 100x less XP than intended.
- Fixed a game crash during Chess if a Toon hops onto the table during a move.
- Fixed a rare crash related to the Director of Land Acquisition.
- Adjusted the placement of several accessories.
- Potentially fixed a game crash with adjusting keybinds.
- Potentially fixed some issues with item displays after purchasing items in Elphabat's store.
- Minor text fixes.

**Known Issues**
- Boosters in the Daily Tasks panel are sometimes not showing the correct time remaining. Rest assured that the durations are correct server-side and we are working hard to fix it for the next release!
- In some cases, the Battle GUI gets desynced causing some gags to not be usable (e.g. Lure and Trap). This will be fixed in the next release.
