### Beta v1.2.6.3
 
**ValenToon's Day**
- Happy ValenToon's Day!
  - Log in any day of the week between February 12th and February 21st for an exclusive shirt!
  - We've added a few new ValenToon's-themed SpeedChat phrases for purchase as well.
 
**Gag Shops**
- You can now right-click a Gag in the Gag Shop to bulk-buy it!
 
**Gag Refund**
- The cost for a Refund Point has been reduced from 40,000 Jellybeans to 10,000 Jellybeans.
- The cost for unprestiging a track has been reduced from 20,000 Jellybeans to 5,000 Jellybeans.
- You now keep 100% of the experience upon refunding a track (formerly 50%).
 
**Table Games**
- Chess has been given several improvements.
  - Promoted pieces now rotate properly.
  - Being in check now has an associated status label.
  - Stalemate should be called properly.
  - Improved piece appearances.
  - Added a turn change sound effect.
  - A chess clock has been implemented.
 
**Features**
- Extended the list of safe punctuation in the allowlist.
  - You can now start or end a word/phrase with (, ), :, ;, and ".
- The Calendar in the Shtickerbook will now show when your next Catalog arrives, along with when your Redraw and Rename cooldowns expire.
- Sidetasks are now visible as a golden marker on street maps.
- Street maps now show the name of the street.
 
**Tweaks**
- Group Toon-Up Gags now show the health healed per Toon, rather than the full healing amount.
- Slightly adjusted the timing window for dodging a boss jump to be a bit more lenient.
- Estate has been given most of the Minigames SpeedChat category.
- The FOV changes on sprint are now much smoother.
- Several text tweaks.
 
**Bugfixes**
- The overhead Laff Meter should update more frequently upon taking damage.
- Lured Cogs will no longer affect the accuracy of group Lure.
- The Birthday Cake Slice's flame animation now loops properly.
- Potentially fixed crane jolting upon a keypress.
- Fixed an issue where Cogs with full lure immunity (e.g. Scapegoat) would not properly be immune to lure.
- Fixed a couple of crashes related to the Catalog.
- Fixed a couple of issues that would occur upon going sad in the factory/lawfice exterior.
- Fixed several instances of sideway Toons.
- Fixed several issues regarding Estate furniture.
- Potentially fixed a crash regarding to key remapping.
- Potentially fixed a crash regarding to loading into MML.