### Beta v1.2.7 (1st April, 2022)
 
**April Toons**
- April Toons is back and bigger than ever!
  - Find Elphabat and Hexadecimal in any playground to handle any and all of your shkrafting and Batcoin needs!
    - Materials can be purchased from the Shtikerbook, or obtained by fishing or defeating event minibosses.
      - When rolling for random material drops, you will now always get materials that you do not have yet.
    - Elphabat's shop now has a few additional items available from past events!
    - The Bat-tle Pass has also been expanded with a few new rewards!
  - Toonseltown has been reopened for the season.
  - Erclaim's?? abode is back on Polar Place????
    - Be prepared for an intensive, jaw-dropping workout routine!
  - Back by popular demand, Find the Foreman makes a return!
    - Select a new type of factory group in your Boarding Group menu in order to experience this fantastic challenge!
    - Our expert players may now enjoy Overclocked Find the Foreman, a severely canon and overpowered version of the familiar Foreman-finding experience!
  - Boredbot's HQ is reopened. Head on down to Twilight Terrace!
- Enjoy April Toons for over a month, from April 1st to May 2nd!
- Turkey Toons are back once again for the duration of the event!
  - Make a new Toon or rewrite at the Restoration Station to create a Turkey Toon!
 
**Cogs**
- All taskline minibosses have received slight buffs to their max HP. They no longer follow a set formula.
  - In addition, the YOTT taskline miniboss (Director of Public Relations) will now appear at a set level, regardless of how many players enter the fight.
- Certain minibosses have been given brand new voice samples!
  - Currently, this applies to:
    - The Litigation Team
    - A meddling vampire in Count's abode
  - Content Pack Creators can additionally use this system to give any Cog in the entire game unique voice samples!
    - For more information, click [HERE](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1-LblpBGWbu8dScU1UcT6AsdifclDdI6V0wU0WelPo0w/edit?usp=sharing) to find out more!
 
**Status Effects**
- The Status Effect system has gotten a major upgrade!
- Certain Status Effects are now directly associated with a visual appearance to Cogs and Toons.
  - While this has technically already existed (see: soaked Cogs), it has been redone in such a way that makes adding new effects even easier.
- The following Status Effects have now been moved over to use the new visual system:
  - Soaked Cogs
  - Cogs with Pie Splats
  - Sued Cogs
  - Skelecogs (after a v2.0 revival)
- And in addition, there are now new, persistent visuals for the following events in-battle:
  - All SOS gag boosters
  - Cogs Damage Down and Toons Accuracy Up
  - Unite Cooldown
  - Litigator's Snap
  - Scapegoat's Enraged
  - Case Manager's Insurance and Legal Bindings
  - Stenographer's Court Sanction
  - D.O.P.A.'s Disruptive Advertisement and Multi-Level Marketing
  - D.O.L.A. and D.O.L.D.'s Ink Drain
  - And a couple, certain effects in regards to the miniboss that is currently inside of Erclaim's Abode.
- The new system also fixes minor visual bugs in regards to these effects in battle.
 
**Boosters**
- The Booster system has been given a major refactor, essentially unifying any type of temporary boost that a Toon might have.
- The expansion makes boosters extremely versatile and far more consistent, reducing the potential for future inaccuracies with what boosters a Toon may have.
- If you spot any bugs with the system, make sure to let us know at support@corporateclash.net!
 
**Tweaks**
- A new house rule has been added to TOONO: Jump-In!
  - If someone plays a card that you have, you can play that card out of turn!
  - You are also able to play two of the same card on your turn.
  - Draw cards cannot be used to jump in.
- A few more new SpeedChat phrases have made their way into the catalog. Be on the lookout for them!
- The Wardrobe has been optimized even further for better performance.
- The Wardrobe now will confirm with a player if they want to replace their oldest outfit when they've hit the maximum amount of outfits that can be stored.
- When destroying a Cog in the final round of the CLO or OCLO, treasures will now drop around your toon, rather than around the Cog.
- The first-person view for cameras when cycling camera views with Tab is back!
- Unites now apply a color effect on Toons in their radius.
- The feeding round in the CEO will end upon all diners having exploded.
- Certain attacks in battle will now run in parallel with each other, rather than one at a time.
- Overhead Laff meters are now hidden while fishing.
- Lure Gag Experience is now still earned when Gags miss from Lure Decay.
- Falling asleep in Toonseltown will cause your Toon to shiver!
- Chef Bumblesoup of Hambrrrgers has picked up some of the [recent shop ad](https://corporateclash.net/news/article/74)'s catchphrases!
- Suing or firing a Cog in battle will now show the cost of the move on the target arrows.
- Tweaked the Splat! color of cake-based Throw Gags to match their primary color.
- The Pick-A-Toon has received minor text adjustments.
- Item collection icons will no longer appear over Achievements or under Toon Tips.
 
**Bugfixes**
- Fixed an issue that would cause the chat box to instantly re-appear when sending chat with Enter as the chat hotkey.
- Potentially fixed a rare crash in the Cannon Game.
- Fixed an issue in Chess where pawn promotions could not cause a checkmate.
- Fixed an issue where the SOS pop-up for beating Derrick Man would only show one Rain being earned with boss reward boosters active.
- Fixed an issue where Toons were unable to purchase their preset with exact change.
- Fixed a crash regarding not being able to afford a Gag when using the bulk-buy feature.
- Fixed an issue where a shop's nametag was incorrect.
- Fixed an issue where shoes did not appear on the Toon Avatar Panel.
- Fixed an issue where the Purple SpeedChat option was the same as Lavender.
- Extensively fixed many glasses and backpack accessory placements.
- Potentially fix an issue that would cause some cheesy effects to have a glitchy appearance after swapping between wearing shorts and a skirt.
- Fixed a crash related to the conveyor belts in the C.E.O. battle.
- Fixed a recently introduced startup crash.
- Minor text fixes.
