### v7.7.7 FOOLISH BUILD
**april fools, release notes brought to you by sads the skelecog**
- that's right. you read that correctly.

**toony stuff**
- music is far more A E T H S T E T I C
- main menu is far more A E T H S T E T I C
- gags are N O T  A E T H S T E T I C, but they are reversed.
- BUFFED WRECKING BALL BY 1 DAMAGE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
- toon tips have been rewritten by me, sads the skelecog.
- new speedchat phrases.
- various gags have gotten reskins or renames in the spirit of april toons.
- some weird indie sandbox game managed to find its way into the game's assets. so cogs sound... weird and stuff.
- implemented soon™.
- 1 laff ubers are back. in case you want to be like me.
- all the playgrounds have been renamed to be more straight to the point.
- elphabat is back, and trading halloween stuff for materials.
- all important font is now in comic sans.
- tubby has one final cruel joke for all of you. jump sounds are back. and they are permanent. maybe. i dont know. we'll see.

**rest in pepperoni**
- some words got blacklisted
- new gag gui is gone. :crab:
- removed soon™

**content???????**
- count erclaim is dead, and you killed him. something else takes his place. but im still here.
- the c.f.o. took a well deserved vacation after dealing with john robolt's departure. the chief of dollars is filling in for him instead.
- my fight is a lot more interesting.
- there is another boss that doesn't follow the rules in town.

**also**
- The FitnessGram™ Pacer Test is a multistage aerobic capacity test that progressively gets more difficult as it continues.
- The 20 meter pacer test will begin in 30 seconds. Line up at the start.
- The running speed starts slowly, but gets faster each minute after you hear this signal.
- *[beep]*
- A single lap should be completed each time you hear this sound.
- *[ding]*
- Remember to run in a straight line, and run as long as possible.
- The second time you fail to complete a lap before the sound, your test is over. 
- The test will begin on the word start.
- On your mark, get ready, start.
